=== Detritus from a delirious dream, dark and delicious ===

Just as I invade your dreams, you can invade the sleeping and
waking moments of others.

- Charm Plant allows you to influence monstrous plants and mushrooms
so that they aid you in battle, instead of attacking you. Most plants
are stationary, but you can choose to lead your enemies to them. If
you come close to charming a monster, try again: it may be more easily
swayed by a second attempt.

- Wizard Lock will allow you to magically lock doors so that they are
much harder to open. This can help you escape monsters, even slowing
those which can open or bash doors, if there is a door between you and
them.

- Detect Minds will detect all monsters with minds, except only a few
if the mind is sufficiently insectoid or alien to your way of thinking.
Mindless monsters will remain hidden. Once detected:

- Mind Thrust and Ego Whip allow you to attack those same minds of
monsters, damaging them.

- Poison Thoughts is the first of many illusion magics you can use.
These cause damage only to sleeping, hallucinating and weak-willed
monsters, but will not normally disturb a sleeping monster from its
slumber. Mindless and weirdly minded monsters are unaffected by
illusions, as are monsters normally immune to the element that the
illuaion duplicates.

- Temporary Displacement allow you to displace yourself a moderate
distance. At the end of the displacement effect, you return to your
original location: or the previous location you displaced from if you
cast it multiple times.

- Ignore Pain isn't as effective as healing potions but should
keep you alive long enough to survive most minor cuts and poisons.

- Confused monsters will be highly inaccurate with their ranged
attacks which may cause them to accidentally hit those around them.

- Infravision allows you to temporarily see warm blooded monsters who
might otherwise not be visible to you.

