Angband 0.5.2 "I'm on fire" release

I have reorganised this changes.txt file to similar to what Eytan Zweig
 uses for Eyangband. It should be clearer what the changes are.

To see what changes have been made for previous versions, check the 
previous release (0.5.1d).

### Game-play ###

- Giant spider webs can now allow spells cast through them.

- You can now no longer recall from a dungeon to a town in a different 
location, as it was too unclear for when this case would apply.

- You can now affect doors and other terrain with bolt spells as well 
as ball spells.

- Smoke/steam removed by cold attacks (Suggested by Adam Horowitz).

- Guardians on surface levels and dungeon towns are now generated
during daytime as well  (But still only night time in surface towns).

- Statues/containers/body parts now give you some information about the
 monster when you discover them.

- Removed Create Golem spell until friendly monsters are implemented.

- Added Heavy Armoury, Heavy Weaponsmith, Runesmith and Chemist and 
added to and reorganised stores in a number of towns.

- Improved store inventories in Jewelers, Marketplace, Barracks and 
Blackmarket to be more appropriate for players at the level they will 
encounter the stores. Note that the Blackmarket in Angband will now 
generate items at a deeper level.

- If you are hidden in darkness, a lot more monsters will use light to
 see by...

- Dungeon entrances are now lit, so they are easier to find at night...

- Added King of the Wood Elves, Faramir, Boromir and Denethor, and 
reorganised some of later campaign to be a smoother transition from end
 of Moria/Isengard/Caradhras.

- Removed escorts from Tom Bombadil, and summon kin, as it felt a little
 'wrong' (Not as bad as killing him of course ;)

- Made dynamic terrain allowing forests to burn down, seas to have waves
 and various other effects, poison gas and smoke to spread and disappate.

- Added waves and wave crests to allow water to have waves in it. These
look and act like 'real' waves.

- Doors and other wooden objects now cause persistent fires, which can be
put out by bashing them.

- Teleport is now a lot safer to use. You will not be placed in
potentially dangerous grids.

- Musical instruments will now occasionally be ego items.

- Torches, lanterns, etc. now will also affect the terrain under them
as well as the monster.

- Some weapons are now 'throwing': to use them, unequip your bow or
cross-bow, and use the fire command. You will see which weapons are
available as throwing weapons. This is currently daggers, batons,
darts, javelins and spears, all potions, flasks, bottles and sling
ammunition.  Throwing weapons get a much greater range, and their
to hit and damage bonuses count for double when fired. Warning:
using the throw command will not give you these benefits.

- Slings can now fire any 'throwing' weapon, allowing you to lob
potions (Such as potions of Detonations) to much greater distances.

- Added Burning arrows and Batons.

- Potions of Death are now very expensive.


### User Interface ###

- Added ability to create html screen dumps similar to T.O.M.E. This can 
be invoked with the ] key on the main map.

- Added ability to create html screen dumps at any time using the Ctrl-
right-bracket (^]) short cut. This uses the current visual preferences 
instead of temporarily reseting these preferences to the underlying 
settings. However it has much greater flexibility, and can be used 
anytime Angband expects user interaction.

- Now use Enter to continue and ESC to restart the character generation
 process.

- Also use Enter to recall an object/monster/ego item/artifact in the
knowledge menus.

- You can now recall objects while you are looking at them. You will 
recall the monster instead if they are a monster body part or container
 or statue...

- Added option view_glowing_lite which applies special (eg torch-lit) 
lighting to boring grids that are adjacent to glowing features such as 
torches in a room. This is another 'pretty' function that may cause a 
slight performance hit, but should make those screen dumps even 
prettier.

- Updated the help files to reflect the above commands.


### Build / Platform ###

- Added readdib.c and removed angband.res to allow compilation for 
makefile.cyg


### Bugfixes ### 

- Fixed bug where archer, shaman, bard classes were getting too many 
blows.

- Fixed bug where ego items would be revealed if they were generated in
 a store, even if subsequently discarded.

- Fixed bug where scrolls of Curse Armour/ Curse Weapon effects were 
reversed.

- Fixed a bug where Bree town levels extended several levels into the 
dungeon. (Most bugs reported by Adam Horowitz for this release).

- Fix division by 0 bug with guard condition in randart generation code
 that was causing crashes at end of character generation.

- Tidied up some problems with terrain causing crasher bugs in campaign
 mode. Also fixed some logic problems.

- Trapped doors should work now.

- Fixed bug preventing creation of town in Minas Tirith.

- Fixed bug where flying/climbing monsters could walk through walls on
the surface.

- Fixed bug where outside locations could end up dark during day time.

- Using some wands from the ground, could cause problems as they could
be destroyed by their effects.

- Fixed bug preventing 'I'nspection of an object displaying anything
to the screen.

- Fixed logic bug: thrown specialists now gain their might/shots
benefits, but only with throwing weapons.

- Fixed bug where loading a deceased character would fail if it was
carrying a random artifact numbered higher than the regular artifacts.
(Reported by Adam Horowitz). This will load any affected save file.