Artifact Spoilers for Unangband 0.6.2
=====================================


Edged Weapons
-------------

The Main Gauche of Maedhros (2d5) (+12,+15)
-------------------------------------------
This Sword weighs 3.0 lbs.  It does x4 damage against trolls and giants.  
It modifies intelligence and dexterity and agility.  It protects you from 
paralysis and magical slowness.  It gives its wielder see invisible.  It
senses giants and trolls.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, 
cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When attacking
or thrown, it does 2d5+15 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it does 2d5
+15 edged damage.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 15, Rarity 30, 3.0 lbs, 20000 AU


The Dagger 'Angrist' (2d4) (+10,+15) [+5]
-----------------------------------------
This Sword weighs 1.2 lbs.  It does x4 damage against orcs and trolls.  It
does x3 damage from acid and holiness.  It modifies dexterity and agility.
It sustains dexterity and agility.  It provides resistance to acid and 
powerful darkness.  It protects you from paralysis and magical slowness.  
It is balanced for throwing.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire
, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When
attacking or easily thrown, it does 2d4+15 edged damage.  When set in a
trap, it does 2d4+15 edged damage.  It increases your armor class by 5.  
You know everything about this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 80, 1.2 lbs, 100000 AU


The Dagger 'Narthanc' (1d4) (+4,+6)
-----------------------------------
This Sword weighs 1.2 lbs.  It does x3 damage from fire.  It provides
resistance to fire.  It is balanced for throwing.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  When attacking or easily thrown, it does 1d4+6 edged damage.  
When activated, it creates a powerful bolt to burn your enemies for 6d8 
damage, recharging in d8+8 turns.  When inscribed with {=A} and attacking
or thrown against an opponent, it burns one target for 6d8 damage,
recharging in d8+8 turns.  When set in a trap, it does 1d4+6 edged damage
 and burns one target for 6d8 damage, recharging in d8+8 turns.  You know
everything about this item.  

Level 4, Rarity 5, 1.2 lbs, 12000 AU


The Dagger 'Nimthanc' (1d4) (+4,+6)
-----------------------------------
This Sword weighs 1.2 lbs.  It does x3 damage from cold.  It provides
resistance to cold.  It is balanced for throwing.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  When attacking or easily thrown, it does 1d4+6 edged damage.  
When activated, it creates a bolt to freeze your enemies for 5d8 damage,
recharging in d7+7 turns.  When inscribed with {=A} and attacking or
thrown against an opponent, it freezes one target for 5d8 damage,
recharging in d7+7 turns.  When set in a trap, it does 1d4+6 edged damage
 and freezes one target for 5d8 damage, recharging in d7+7 turns.  You
know everything about this item.  

Level 4, Rarity 5, 1.2 lbs, 11000 AU


The Dagger 'Dethanc' (1d4) (+4,+6)
----------------------------------
This Sword weighs 1.2 lbs.  It does x3 damage from electricity.  It
provides resistance to electricity.  It is balanced for throwing.  It is
not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be
stolen from your inventory.  When attacking or easily thrown, it does 1d4
+6 edged damage.  When activated, it creates a beam to electrify your
enemies for 3d6 damage, recharging in d6+6 turns.  When inscribed with
{=A} and attacking or thrown against an opponent, it electrifys one target
 for 3d6 damage, recharging in d6+6 turns.  When set in a trap, it does 1d4
+6 edged damage and electrifys one target for 3d6 damage, recharging in
d6+6 turns.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 4, Rarity 5, 1.2 lbs, 13000 AU


The Dagger of Rilia (2d4) (+4,+3)
---------------------------------
This Sword weighs 1.2 lbs.  It does x4 damage against orcs.  It does x3
damage from poison.  It provides resistance to poison and disenchantment.  
It protects you from the effects of poison.  It is balanced for throwing.  
It senses orcs.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and 
water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When attacking or easily
thrown, it does 2d4+3 edged damage.  When activated, it creates a cloud of 
radius 2 to poison your enemies for 10 damage, recharging in d4+4 turns.  
When inscribed with {=A} and attacking or thrown against an opponent, it 
poisons one target for 10 damage, recharging in d4+4 turns.  When set in a
trap, it does 2d4+3 edged damage and poisons one target for 10 damage,
recharging in d4+4 turns.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 5, Rarity 40, 1.2 lbs, 15000 AU


The Dagger 'Belangil' (2d4) (+6,+9)
-----------------------------------
This Sword weighs 1.2 lbs.  It does x3 damage from cold.  It modifies 
dexterity and agility and mana regeneration.  It provides resistance to 
cold.  It gives its wielder slow digestion and see invisible.  It is
balanced for throwing.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold
 and water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When attacking or
easily thrown, it does 2d4+9 edged damage.  When activated, it creates a
ball of radius 2 to freeze your enemies for 55 damage, recharging in d5+5
turns.  When inscribed with {=A} and attacking or thrown against an
opponent, it freezes one target for 55 damage, recharging in d5+5 turns.  
When set in a trap, it does 2d4+9 edged damage and freezes one target for
55 damage, recharging in d5+5 turns.  You know everything about this item.


Level 10, Rarity 40, 1.2 lbs, 40000 AU


The Bastard Sword 'Calris' (5d4) (-20,+20)
------------------------------------------
This Sword weighs 14.0 lbs.  It does x2 damage when charging.  It does x5
damage against dragons.  It does x4 damage against trolls.  It does x3
damage from holiness.  It does x3 damage against demons.  It modifies 
constitution.  It provides resistance to disenchantment.  It is not
damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen
from your inventory.  It burdens you with aggravation.  It is heavily
cursed.  When attacking or thrown, it does 5d4+20 edged damage.  When set
in a trap, it does 5d4+20 edged damage.  You know everything about this
item.  

Level 30, Rarity 15, 14.0 lbs, 100000 AU


The Broad Sword 'Arunruth' (3d5) (+20,+12)
------------------------------------------
This Sword weighs 15.0 lbs.  It does x2 damage when charging.  It does x4
damage against orcs.  It does x3 damage against demons.  It modifies 
dexterity and agility.  It provides resistance to cold.  It protects you
from paralysis and magical slowness.  It gives its wielder slow digestion
 and feather falling.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold
 and water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When attacking or
thrown, it does 3d5+12 edged damage.  When activated, it creates a bolt to
 freeze your enemies for 5d16 damage, creates a bolt to freeze your enemies
 for 5d16 damage, and creates a bolt to freeze your enemies for 5d16 
damage, recharging in 50 turns.  When inscribed with {=A} and attacking an
opponent, it freezes one target for 5d16 damage, freezes one target for
5d16 damage, and freezes one target for 5d16 damage, recharging in 50
turns.  When set in a trap, it does 3d5+12 edged damage and freezes one
target for 5d16 damage, freezes one target for 5d16 damage, and freezes 
one target for 5d16 damage, recharging in 50 turns.  You know everything
about this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 45, 15.0 lbs, 50000 AU


The Broad Sword 'Glamdring' (2d5) (+10,+15)
-------------------------------------------
This Sword weighs 15.0 lbs.  It does x2 damage when charging.  It does x4
damage against orcs.  It does x3 damage from fire and holiness.  It does
x3 damage against demons.  It modifies searching and light radius.  It
provides resistance to fire and powerful light.  It gives its wielder slow
digestion.  It is blessed by the gods, allowing priests to wield it.  It
is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be
stolen from your inventory.  When attacking or thrown, it does 2d5+15 
edged damage.  When set in a trap, it does 2d5+15 edged damage.  You know
everything about this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 20, 15.0 lbs, 40000 AU


The Broad Sword 'Aeglin' (2d5) (+12,+16)
----------------------------------------
This Sword weighs 15.0 lbs.  It does x2 damage when charging.  It does x4
damage against orcs, trolls and giants.  It does x3 damage from 
electricity.  It modifies searching and light radius.  It provides
resistance to electricity.  It protects you from blindness.  It gives its
wielder slow digestion.  It is blessed by the gods, allowing priests to
wield it.  It senses giants, orcs and trolls.  It is not damaged by acid, 
electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  When attacking or thrown, it does 2d5+16 edged damage.  When
set in a trap, it does 2d5+16 edged damage.  You know everything about
this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 30, 15.0 lbs, 45000 AU


The Broad Sword 'Orcrist' (2d5) (+10,+15)
-----------------------------------------
This Sword weighs 15.0 lbs.  It does x2 damage when charging.  It does x4
damage against orcs.  It does x3 damage from cold and holiness.  It does
x3 damage against dragons.  It modifies searching and light radius.  It
provides resistance to cold and powerful darkness.  It gives its wielder 
slow digestion.  It is blessed by the gods, allowing priests to wield it.  
It senses orcs.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and 
water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When attacking or
thrown, it does 2d5+15 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it does 2d5+15 
edged damage.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 20, 15.0 lbs, 40000 AU


The Two-Handed Sword 'Gurthang' (3d6) (+13,+17)
-----------------------------------------------
This Sword weighs 20.0 lbs.  It does x3 damage when charging.  It does x5
damage against dragons.  It does x3 damage from poison and fire.  It
modifies strength and size and hitpoint regeneration.  It provides
resistance to fire and poison.  It protects you from the effects of poison
, paralysis and magical slowness.  It gives its wielder slow digestion.  
It senses dragons.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and 
water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When attacking or
thrown, it does 3d6+17 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it does 3d6+17 
edged damage.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 30, Rarity 30, 20.0 lbs, 100000 AU


The Two-Handed Sword 'Zarcuthra' (4d6) (+19,+21)
------------------------------------------------
This Sword weighs 25.0 lbs.  It does x3 damage when charging.  It does x5
damage against dragons.  It does x4 damage against natural creatures, orcs
, trolls and giants.  It does x3 damage from fire and holiness.  It does
x3 damage against undead and demons.  It modifies strength and size, 
charisma and infravision.  It provides resistance to fire and chaos.  It
protects you from hallucination, paralysis and magical slowness.  It gives
its wielder see invisible.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, 
cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  It burdens you
with aggravation.  When attacking or thrown, it does 4d6+21 edged damage.  
When set in a trap, it does 4d6+21 edged damage.  You know everything
about this item.  

Level 30, Rarity 180, 25.0 lbs, 200000 AU


The Two-Handed Sword 'Mormegil' (3d6) (-15,-15) [-20]
-----------------------------------------------------
This Sword weighs 25.0 lbs.  It does x3 damage when charging.  It does x5
damage against dragons.  It does x3 damage from poison.  It does x3 damage
against undead.  It modifies speed.  It gives its wielder see invisible.  
It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot
be stolen from your inventory.  It burdens you with aggravation and 
experience drain.  It is heavily cursed.  When attacking or thrown, it 
does 3d6-15 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it does 3d6-15 edged damage
.  It decreases your armor class by 20.  You know everything about this
item.  

Level 30, Rarity 15, 25.0 lbs, 10000 AU


The Cutlass 'Gondricam' (1d7) (+10,+11)
---------------------------------------
This Sword weighs 11.0 lbs.  It modifies dexterity and agility, stealth
 and hitpoint regeneration.  It provides resistance to acid, electricity, 
fire and cold.  It gives its wielder feather falling and see invisible.  
It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot
be stolen from your inventory.  When attacking or thrown, it does 1d7+11 
edged damage.  When set in a trap, it does 1d7+11 edged damage.  You know
everything about this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 8, 11.0 lbs, 28000 AU


The Executioner's Sword 'Crisdurian' (4d5) (+18,+19)
----------------------------------------------------
This Sword weighs 26.0 lbs.  It does x3 damage when charging.  It does x4
damage against orcs, trolls and giants.  It does x3 damage from holiness.  
It does x3 damage against undead and dragons.  It gives its wielder see
invisible.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  
It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When attacking or thrown, it 
does 4d5+19 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it does 4d5+19 edged damage
.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 40, Rarity 25, 26.0 lbs, 100000 AU


The Katana 'Aglarang' (8d4) (+0,+0)
-----------------------------------
This Sword weighs 5.0 lbs.  It modifies dexterity and agility and speed.  
It sustains dexterity and agility.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity
, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When
attacking or thrown, it does 8d4 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it 
does 8d4 edged damage.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 30, Rarity 25, 5.0 lbs, 40000 AU


The Long Sword 'Ringil' (4d5) (+22,+25)
---------------------------------------
This Sword weighs 13.0 lbs.  It does x5 damage against demons.  It does x4
damage against trolls.  It does x3 damage from cold and holiness.  It does
x3 damage against undead.  It modifies speed, light radius and hitpoint
regeneration.  It provides resistance to cold, fear and powerful light.  
It protects you from paralysis and magical slowness.  It gives its wielder
 slow digestion and see invisible.  It is blessed by the gods, allowing
priests to wield it.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold
 and water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When attacking or
thrown, it does 4d5+25 edged damage.  When activated, it creates a storm
 of radius 3 to freeze your enemies for 120 damage, recharging in 40
turns.  When inscribed with {=A} and attacking an opponent, it freezes one
target for 120 damage, recharging in 40 turns.  When set in a trap, it 
does 4d5+25 edged damage and freezes one target for 120 damage, recharging
in 40 turns.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 120, 13.0 lbs, 300000 AU


The Long Sword 'Anduril' (3d5) (+10,+15) [+10]
----------------------------------------------
This Sword weighs 13.0 lbs.  It does x4 damage against orcs and trolls.  
It does x3 damage from fire and holiness.  It does x3 damage against 
undead.  It modifies strength and size and dexterity and agility.  It
sustains strength and size and dexterity and agility.  It provides
resistance to fire, fear and disenchantment.  It protects you from 
paralysis and magical slowness.  It gives its wielder see invisible.  It
is blessed by the gods, allowing priests to wield it.  It is not damaged by
 acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  When attacking or thrown, it does 3d5+15 edged damage.  When
activated, it creates a ball of radius 2 to burn your enemies for 80 
damage, recharging in 40 turns.  When inscribed with {=A} and attacking an
opponent, it burns one target for 80 damage, recharging in 40 turns.  When
set in a trap, it does 3d5+15 edged damage and burns one target for 80 
damage, recharging in 40 turns.  It increases your armor class by 10.  You
know everything about this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 40, 13.0 lbs, 80000 AU


The Long Sword 'Anguirel' (2d5) (+8,+12)
----------------------------------------
This Sword weighs 13.0 lbs.  It does x3 damage from poison and holiness.  
It does x3 damage against demons.  It modifies strength and size, 
constitution, speed and light radius.  It provides resistance to 
electricity, powerful light and powerful darkness.  It protects you from 
paralysis and magical slowness.  It gives its wielder see invisible.  It
senses demons.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and 
water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  It burdens you with 
aggravation.  When attacking or thrown, it does 2d5+12 edged damage.  When
set in a trap, it does 2d5+12 edged damage.  You know everything about
this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 30, 13.0 lbs, 40000 AU


The Long Sword 'Elvagil' (2d5) (+2,+7)
--------------------------------------
This Sword weighs 13.0 lbs.  It does x4 damage against orcs and trolls.  
It modifies dexterity and agility, charisma and stealth.  It gives its
wielder feather falling and see invisible.  It senses orcs and trolls.  It
is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be
stolen from your inventory.  When attacking or thrown, it does 2d5+7 edged
 damage.  When set in a trap, it does 2d5+7 edged damage.  You know
everything about this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 8, 13.0 lbs, 30000 AU


The Rapier 'Forasgil' (1d6) (+12,+19)
-------------------------------------
This Sword weighs 4.0 lbs.  It does x4 damage against natural creatures.  
It does x3 damage from cold.  It modifies light radius.  It provides
resistance to cold and powerful light.  It is not damaged by acid, 
electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  When attacking or thrown, it does 1d6+19 edged damage.  When
set in a trap, it does 1d6+19 edged damage.  You know everything about
this item.  

Level 15, Rarity 8, 4.0 lbs, 15000 AU


The Sabre 'Careth Asdriag' (1d7) (+6,+8)
----------------------------------------
This Sword weighs 5.0 lbs.  It does x4 damage against natural creatures, 
orcs, trolls and giants.  It does x3 damage against dragons.  It modifies 
attacks.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  
It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When attacking or thrown, it 
does 1d7+8 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it does 1d7+8 edged damage.  
You know everything about this item.  

Level 15, Rarity 8, 5.0 lbs, 25000 AU


The Small Sword 'Sting' (1d6) (+7,+8)
-------------------------------------
This Sword weighs 7.5 lbs.  It does x4 damage against natural creatures
 and orcs.  It does x3 damage from holiness.  It does x3 damage against 
undead.  It modifies strength and size, dexterity and agility, 
constitution, speed, attacks and light radius.  It provides resistance to 
fear and powerful light.  It protects you from paralysis and magical
slowness.  It gives its wielder see invisible.  It senses orcs.  It is not
damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen
from your inventory.  When attacking or thrown, it does 1d6+8 edged
 damage.  When set in a trap, it does 1d6+8 edged damage.  You know
everything about this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 15, 7.5 lbs, 100000 AU


The Scimitar 'Haradekket' (2d5) (+9,+11)
----------------------------------------
This Sword weighs 13.0 lbs.  It does x4 damage against natural creatures.  
It does x3 damage from holiness.  It does x3 damage against undead.  It
modifies dexterity and agility and attacks.  It gives its wielder see
invisible.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  
It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When attacking or thrown, it 
does 2d5+11 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it does 2d5+11 edged damage
.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 15, 13.0 lbs, 30000 AU


The Short Sword 'Gilettar' (1d7) (+3,+7)
----------------------------------------
This Sword weighs 8.0 lbs.  It does x4 damage against natural creatures.  
It does x3 damage from poison.  It modifies attacks and hitpoint
regeneration.  It gives its wielder slow digestion.  It senses natural
creatures.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  
It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When attacking or thrown, it 
does 1d7+7 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it does 1d7+7 edged damage.  
You know everything about this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 8, 8.0 lbs, 15000 AU


The Blade of Chaos 'Doomcaller' (6d5) (+18,+28) [-50]
-----------------------------------------------------
This Sword weighs 18.0 lbs.  It does x2 damage when charging.  It does x5
damage against dragons.  It does x4 damage against natural creatures, orcs
 and trolls.  It does x3 damage from cold and holiness.  It provides
resistance to acid, electricity, fire, cold and chaos.  It protects you
from hallucination, paralysis and magical slowness.  It gives its wielder 
telepathy and see invisible.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire
, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  It burdens
you with aggravation.  When attacking or thrown, it does 6d5+28 edged
 damage.  When set in a trap, it does 6d5+28 edged damage.  It decreases
your armor class by 50.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 70, Rarity 25, 18.0 lbs, 200000 AU


The Main Gauche of Azaghal (2d5) (+12,+14)
------------------------------------------
This Sword weighs 3.0 lbs.  It does x5 damage against dragons.  It
provides resistance to acid and fear.  It provides immunity to fire.  It
senses dragons.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and 
water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When attacking or
thrown, it does 2d5+14 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it does 2d5+14 
edged damage.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 18, Rarity 30, 3.0 lbs, 50000 AU


The Broken Sword 'Narsil' (3d2) (+6,+10)
----------------------------------------
This Sword weighs 3.0 lbs.  It does x4 damage against orcs and trolls.  It
modifies strength and size, dexterity and agility and attacks.  It
provides resistance to fire.  It is blessed by the gods, allowing priests
to wield it.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water
.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When attacking or thrown, it 
does 3d2+10 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it does 3d2+10 edged damage
.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 10, Rarity 4, 3.0 lbs, 2000 AU


The Bastard Sword of Eowyn (4d4) (+12,+16)
------------------------------------------
This Sword weighs 14.0 lbs.  It does x2 damage when charging.  It does x5
damage against undead.  It does x4 damage against natural creatures and 
giants.  It does x3 damage from holiness.  It modifies strength and size, 
charisma, stealth and speed.  It provides resistance to cold, fear, 
powerful darkness and nether.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, 
fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When
attacking or thrown, it does 4d4+16 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it 
does 4d4+16 edged damage.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 30, Rarity 100, 14.0 lbs, 120000 AU


The Blade of Chaos 'Anfaling' (6d5) (+8,+22) [+1]
-------------------------------------------------
This Sword weighs 18.0 lbs.  It does x2 damage when charging.  It does x5
damage against demons.  It does x3 damage from fire.  It modifies 
intelligence, searching and infravision.  It provides resistance to fire
 and chaos.  It protects you from hallucination.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  When attacking or thrown, it does 6d5+22 edged damage.  When
activated, it removes all nearby monsters, recharging in 1000 turns.  When
set in a trap, it does 6d5+22 edged damage, recharging in 1000 turns.  It
increases your armor class by 1.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 30, Rarity 45, 18.0 lbs, 85000 AU


The Sabre of Tumanwent (1d7) (+19,+12)
--------------------------------------
This Sword weighs 5.0 lbs.  It does x4 damage against natural creatures.  
It modifies light radius.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, 
cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When attacking
or thrown, it does 1d7+12 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it does 1d7
+12 edged damage.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 65, Rarity 15, 5.0 lbs, 15000 AU


The Broad Sword of Tholwe (2d5) (+12,+16) [+7]
----------------------------------------------
This Sword weighs 15.0 lbs.  It does x2 damage when charging.  It modifies 
intelligence.  It provides resistance to sound.  It protects you from 
stunning, paralysis and magical slowness.  It is not damaged by acid, 
electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  When attacking or thrown, it does 2d5+16 edged damage.  When
set in a trap, it does 2d5+16 edged damage.  It increases your armor class
by 7.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 22, 15.0 lbs, 43000 AU


The Long Sword of Tinoldor (2d5) (+16,+12)
------------------------------------------
This Sword weighs 13.0 lbs.  It does x3 damage from fire and cold.  It is
not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be
stolen from your inventory.  When attacking or thrown, it does 2d5+12 
edged damage.  When set in a trap, it does 2d5+12 edged damage.  You know
everything about this item.  

Level 15, Rarity 12, 13.0 lbs, 17000 AU


The Long Sword 'Cirein' (7d5) (+27,+31) [+19]
---------------------------------------------
This Sword weighs 13.0 lbs.  It does x5 damage against undead, demons and 
dragons.  It does x4 damage against natural creatures, orcs, trolls and 
giants.  It does x3 damage from poison, acid, electricity, fire, cold, 
holiness, light and darkness.  It modifies all stats, searching, speed and 
light radius.  It provides resistance to acid, electricity, cold, poison, 
fear, powerful light, powerful darkness, nexus and losing experience.  It
provides immunity to fire.  It protects you from the effects of poison, 
blindness, paralysis and magical slowness.  It gives its wielder see
invisible.  It is blessed by the gods, allowing priests to wield it.  It
is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be
stolen from your inventory.  It marks you as elven.  When attacking or
thrown, it does 7d5+31 edged damage.  When activated, it creates a storm
 of radius 3 to freeze your enemies for 120 damage, recharging in 40
turns.  When inscribed with {=A} and attacking an opponent, it freezes one
target for 120 damage, recharging in 40 turns.  When set in a trap, it 
does 7d5+31 edged damage and freezes one target for 120 damage, recharging
in 40 turns.  It increases your armor class by 19.  You know everything
about this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 120, 13.0 lbs, 327000 AU


The Bastard Sword of Thluinath (3d4) (+16,+12)
----------------------------------------------
This Sword weighs 14.0 lbs.  It does x2 damage when charging.  It does x4
damage against giants.  It does x3 damage from poison, electricity and 
cold.  It does x3 damage against undead.  It modifies intelligence and 
speed.  It provides resistance to cold and powerful light.  It is not
damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen
from your inventory.  It burdens you with aggravation.  When attacking or
thrown, it does 3d4+12 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it does 3d4+12 
edged damage.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 30, Rarity 33, 14.0 lbs, 47000 AU


The Blade of Chaos of Huilimron (6d5) (+16,+15)
-----------------------------------------------
This Sword weighs 18.0 lbs.  It does x2 damage when charging.  It does x5
damage against undead.  It provides resistance to chaos.  It protects you
from hallucination.  It gives its wielder see invisible.  It is not
damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen
from your inventory.  When attacking or thrown, it does 6d5+15 edged
 damage.  When set in a trap, it does 6d5+15 edged damage.  You know
everything about this item.  

Level 40, Rarity 9, 18.0 lbs, 36000 AU


The Main Gauche of Formir (3d5) (+9,+10)
----------------------------------------
This Sword weighs 3.0 lbs.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, 
cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When attacking
or thrown, it does 3d5+10 edged damage.  When activated, it creates a
powerful bolt to burn your enemies for 6d8 damage, recharging in d8+8
turns.  When inscribed with {=A} and attacking an opponent, it burns one
target for 6d8 damage, recharging in d8+8 turns.  When set in a trap, it 
does 3d5+10 edged damage and burns one target for 6d8 damage, recharging
in d8+8 turns.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 4, Rarity 3, 3.0 lbs, 10000 AU


The Blade of Chaos of Endil (8d5) (+21,+21)
-------------------------------------------
This Sword weighs 16.2 lbs.  It does x2 damage when charging.  It does x5
damage against dragons.  It does x4 damage against orcs.  It does x3
damage from poison, acid and light.  It modifies dexterity and agility and 
hitpoint regeneration.  It provides resistance to acid, powerful darkness, 
sound and chaos.  It protects you from stunning and hallucination.  It
senses orcs.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water
.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When attacking or thrown, it 
does 8d5+21 edged damage.  When activated, it hastes you for 1d20+20 turns
, recharging in 200 turns.  When set in a trap, it does 8d5+21 edged
 damage, recharging in 200 turns.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 40, Rarity 15, 16.2 lbs, 109000 AU


The Dagger of Uthria (1d4) (+22,+6)
-----------------------------------
This Sword weighs 1.2 lbs.  It does x5 damage against undead and dragons.  
It does x4 damage against natural creatures and trolls.  It does x3 damage
from electricity and fire.  It modifies intelligence.  It provides
resistance to fire and powerful darkness.  It protects you from paralysis
 and magical slowness.  It gives its wielder slow digestion.  It is
balanced for throwing.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold
 and water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When attacking or
easily thrown, it does 1d4+6 edged damage.  When activated, it recharges
one staff or wand for 100 power, recharging in 70 turns.  When set in a
trap, it does 1d4+6 edged damage, recharging in 70 turns.  You know
everything about this item.  

Level 5, Rarity 25, 1.2 lbs, 48000 AU




Polearms
--------

The Two-Handed Spear of Melkor (3d8) (-12,+20)
----------------------------------------------
This Polearm weighs 20.0 lbs.  It does x3 damage when charging.  It does
x3 damage from poison.  It modifies wisdom.  It provides resistance to 
powerful light, powerful darkness and nether.  It protects you from 
blindness.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  
It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  It burdens you with aggravation
 and experience drain.  It is heavily cursed.  When attacking or thrown,
it does 3d8+20 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it does 3d8+20 edged
 damage.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 65, Rarity 45, 20.0 lbs, 100000 AU


The Beaked Axe of Theoden (2d6) (+8,+10)
----------------------------------------
This Polearm weighs 18.0 lbs.  It does x2 damage when charging.  It does
x3 damage against dragons.  It modifies wisdom and constitution.  It gives
its wielder slow digestion and telepathy.  It is not damaged by acid, 
electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  When attacking or thrown, it does 2d6+10 edged damage.  When
activated, it drains life from one target for 125 damage, recharging in 40
turns.  When inscribed with {=A} and attacking an opponent, it drains life
from one target for 125 damage, recharging in 40 turns.  When set in a
trap, it does 2d6+10 edged damage and drains life from one target for 125 
damage, recharging in 40 turns.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 15, 18.0 lbs, 40000 AU


The Glaive of Pain (9d6) (+0,+30)
---------------------------------
This Polearm weighs 30.0 lbs.  It does x4 damage when charging.  It
provides resistance to fear.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire
, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When
attacking or thrown, it does 9d6+30 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it 
does 9d6+30 edged damage.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 30, Rarity 25, 30.0 lbs, 50000 AU


The Halberd 'Osondir' (3d5) (+6,+9)
-----------------------------------
This Polearm weighs 19.0 lbs.  It does x2 damage when charging.  It does
x4 damage against giants.  It does x3 damage from fire.  It does x3 damage
against undead.  It modifies charisma.  It provides resistance to fire and 
sound.  It protects you from stunning.  It gives its wielder feather
falling and see invisible.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, 
cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When attacking
or thrown, it does 3d5+9 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it does 3d5+9 
edged damage.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 8, 19.0 lbs, 22000 AU


The Pike 'Til-i-arc' (2d5) (+10,+12) [+10]
------------------------------------------
This Polearm weighs 16.0 lbs.  It does x2 damage when charging.  It does
x4 damage against trolls and giants.  It does x3 damage from fire and cold
.  It does x3 damage against demons.  It modifies intelligence.  It
sustains intelligence.  It provides resistance to fire and cold.  It gives
its wielder slow digestion.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, 
cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When attacking
or thrown, it does 2d5+12 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it does 2d5
+12 edged damage.  It increases your armor class by 10.  You know
everything about this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 15, 16.0 lbs, 32000 AU


The Spear 'Aeglos' (2d8) (+15,+25) [+5]
---------------------------------------
This Polearm weighs 7.0 lbs.  It does x5 damage against undead.  It does
x4 damage against orcs and trolls.  It does x3 damage from cold and 
holiness.  It modifies wisdom and dexterity and agility.  It provides
resistance to cold and fear.  It protects you from paralysis and magical
slowness.  It gives its wielder slow digestion.  It is blessed by the
gods, allowing priests to wield it.  It is balanced for throwing.  It is
not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be
stolen from your inventory.  When attacking or easily thrown, it does 2d8
+25 edged damage.  When activated, it creates a storm of radius 3 to 
freeze your enemies for 120 damage, recharging in 35 turns.  When
inscribed with {=A} and attacking or thrown against an opponent, it freeze
s one target for 120 damage, recharging in 35 turns.  When set in a trap,
it does 2d8+25 edged damage and freezes one target for 120 damage,
recharging in 35 turns.  It increases your armor class by 5.  You know
everything about this item.  

Level 15, Rarity 45, 7.0 lbs, 140000 AU


The Spear of Orome (3d8) (+15,+15)
----------------------------------
This Polearm weighs 7.0 lbs.  It does x4 damage against natural creatures
 and giants.  It does x3 damage from fire.  It modifies intelligence, 
infravision, speed and light radius.  It provides resistance to fire and 
powerful light.  It gives its wielder feather falling and see invisible.  
It is blessed by the gods, allowing priests to wield it.  It is balanced
for throwing.  It senses natural creatures.  It is not damaged by acid, 
electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  When attacking or easily thrown, it does 3d8+15 edged damage.  
When activated, it removes rock from one direction for 6d8 damage to
monsters made from rock, recharging in 5 turns.  When inscribed with {=A}
and attacking or thrown against an opponent, it removes rock from one
target for 6d8 damage to monsters made from rock, recharging in 5 turns.  
When set in a trap, it does 3d8+15 edged damage and removes rock from one
target for 6d8 damage to monsters made from rock, recharging in 5 turns.  
You know everything about this item.  

Level 15, Rarity 45, 7.0 lbs, 60000 AU


The Spear 'Nimloth' (1d8) (+11,+13)
-----------------------------------
This Polearm weighs 7.0 lbs.  It does x3 damage from cold.  It does x3
damage against undead.  It modifies stealth and speed.  It provides
resistance to cold.  It gives its wielder see invisible.  It is blessed by
the gods, allowing priests to wield it.  It is balanced for throwing.  It
is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be
stolen from your inventory.  When attacking or easily thrown, it does 1d8
+13 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it does 1d8+13 edged damage.  You
know everything about this item.  

Level 15, Rarity 12, 7.0 lbs, 30000 AU


The Lance of Eorlingas (4d8) (+13,+21)
--------------------------------------
This Polearm weighs 33.0 lbs.  It does x5 damage when charging.  It does
x4 damage against orcs and trolls.  It does x3 damage from holiness.  It
modifies strength and size and dexterity and agility.  It provides
resistance to fear.  It gives its wielder see invisible.  It is not
damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen
from your inventory.  When attacking or thrown, it does 4d8+21 edged
 damage.  When set in a trap, it does 4d8+21 edged damage.  You know
everything about this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 23, 33.0 lbs, 55000 AU


The Great Axe of Durin (4d4) (+10,+20) [+15]
--------------------------------------------
This Polearm weighs 23.0 lbs.  It does x3 damage when charging.  It does
x5 damage against dragons.  It does x4 damage against orcs and trolls.  It
does x3 damage from acid and fire.  It does x3 damage against demons.  It
modifies strength and size, constitution and tunneling.  It provides
resistance to acid, fire, fear, powerful light, powerful darkness, 
powerful confusion and chaos.  It protects you from hallucination, 
confusion, paralysis and magical slowness.  It is not damaged by acid, 
electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  When attacking or thrown, it does 4d4+20 edged damage.  When
set in a trap, it does 4d4+20 edged damage.  It increases your armor class
by 15.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 30, Rarity 90, 23.0 lbs, 150000 AU


The Great Axe of Eonwe (5d4) (+15,+18) [+8]
-------------------------------------------
This Polearm weighs 23.0 lbs.  It does x3 damage when charging.  It does
x5 damage against demons.  It does x4 damage against orcs.  It does x3
damage from cold and holiness.  It does x3 damage against undead.  It
modifies all stats.  It provides resistance to fear.  It provides immunity
to cold.  It protects you from paralysis and magical slowness.  It gives
its wielder see invisible.  It is blessed by the gods, allowing priests to
wield it.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  
It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When attacking or thrown, it 
does 5d4+18 edged damage.  When activated, it removes all nearby monsters,
recharging in 1000 turns.  When set in a trap, it does 5d4+18 edged damage
, recharging in 1000 turns.  It increases your armor class by 8.  You know
everything about this item.  

Level 30, Rarity 120, 23.0 lbs, 200000 AU


The Battle Axe of Balli Stonehand (3d8) (+8,+11) [+5]
-----------------------------------------------------
This Polearm weighs 17.0 lbs.  It does x2 damage when charging.  It does
x4 damage against orcs and trolls.  It does x3 damage against demons.  It
modifies strength and size, constitution, stealth and hitpoint regeneration
.  It provides resistance to acid, electricity, fire and cold.  It
protects you from blindness, paralysis and magical slowness.  It gives its
wielder feather falling and see invisible.  It is not damaged by acid, 
electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  When attacking or thrown, it does 3d8+11 edged damage.  When
set in a trap, it does 3d8+11 edged damage.  It increases your armor class
by 5.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 30, Rarity 15, 17.0 lbs, 90000 AU


The Battle Axe 'Lotharang' (2d8) (+4,+3)
----------------------------------------
This Polearm weighs 17.0 lbs.  It does x2 damage when charging.  It does
x4 damage against orcs and trolls.  It modifies strength and size and 
dexterity and agility.  It senses orcs and trolls.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  When attacking or thrown, it does 2d8+3 edged damage.  When
activated, it cures you of blindness, and partially cures you of cuts, and 
heals you for 5d10 hit points, recharging in d3+3 turns.  When inscribed
with {=A} and attacking an opponent, it heals one target for 5d10 hit
points, recharging in d3+3 turns.  When set in a trap, it does 2d8+3 edged
 damage and heals one target for 5d10 hit points, recharging in d3+3
turns.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 30, Rarity 15, 17.0 lbs, 21000 AU


The Lochaber Axe 'Mundwine' (3d8) (+12,+17)
-------------------------------------------
This Polearm weighs 25.0 lbs.  It does x3 damage when charging.  It does
x4 damage against natural creatures.  It does x3 damage from holiness.  It
does x3 damage against demons.  It provides resistance to acid, 
electricity, fire and cold.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, 
cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When attacking
or thrown, it does 3d8+17 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it does 3d8
+17 edged damage.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 30, Rarity 8, 25.0 lbs, 30000 AU


The Broad Axe 'Barukkheled' (2d6) (+13,+19)
-------------------------------------------
This Polearm weighs 16.0 lbs.  It does x2 damage when charging.  It does
x4 damage against orcs, trolls and giants.  It does x3 damage from 
holiness.  It modifies constitution.  It gives its wielder see invisible.  
It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot
be stolen from your inventory.  When attacking or thrown, it does 2d6+19 
edged damage.  When set in a trap, it does 2d6+19 edged damage.  You know
everything about this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 8, 16.0 lbs, 50000 AU


The Halberd of Wrath (6d4) (+16,+18)
------------------------------------
This Polearm weighs 30.0 lbs.  It does x4 damage when charging.  It does
x5 damage against undead.  It does x3 damage from poison and holiness.  It
modifies strength and size, dexterity and agility and spell resistance.  
It provides resistance to powerful light and powerful darkness.  It gives
its wielder see invisible.  It is blessed by the gods, allowing priests to
wield it.  It senses undead.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire
, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When
attacking or thrown, it does 6d4+18 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it 
does 6d4+18 edged damage.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 15, Rarity 35, 30.0 lbs, 90000 AU


The Halberd of Ulmo (8d4) (+15,+19)
-----------------------------------
This Polearm weighs 7.0 lbs.  It does x4 damage against natural creatures.
It does x3 damage against dragons.  It modifies dexterity and agility and 
mana regeneration.  It provides resistance to nether and losing experience
.  It provides immunity to acid.  It protects you from paralysis and 
magical slowness.  It gives its wielder slow digestion and see invisible.  
It is blessed by the gods, allowing priests to wield it.  It is not
damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen
from your inventory.  When attacking or thrown, it does 8d4+19 edged
 damage.  When activated, it teleports one direction away for 25 distance
on average, recharging in 50 turns.  When inscribed with {=A} and
attacking an opponent, it teleports one target away for 25 distance on
average, recharging in 50 turns.  When set in a trap, it does 8d4+19 edged
 damage and teleports one target away for 25 distance on average,
recharging in 50 turns.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 30, Rarity 90, 7.0 lbs, 120000 AU


The Scythe 'Avavir' (5d3) (+8,+8) [+10]
---------------------------------------
This Polearm weighs 25.0 lbs.  It does x3 damage when charging.  It does
x3 damage from fire and cold.  It modifies dexterity and agility, charisma
 and light radius.  It provides resistance to fire, cold and powerful light
.  It protects you from paralysis and magical slowness.  It gives its
wielder see invisible.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold
 and water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When attacking or
thrown, it does 5d3+8 edged damage.  When activated, it returns you to the
surface, or teleports you into the depths, recharging in 200 turns.  When
set in a trap, it does 5d3+8 edged damage, recharging in 200 turns.  It
increases your armor class by 10.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 40, Rarity 8, 25.0 lbs, 18000 AU


The Beaked Axe of Hurin (4d6) (+12,+15)
---------------------------------------
This Polearm weighs 18.0 lbs.  It does x2 damage when charging.  It does
x5 damage against demons.  It does x4 damage against trolls.  It does x3
damage from acid.  It does x3 damage against dragons.  It modifies 
strength and size, constitution, attacks and light radius.  It provides
resistance to acid, fire and powerful darkness.  It is not damaged by acid
, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  When attacking or thrown, it does 4d6+15 edged damage.  When
activated, it makes you go berserk for 1d25+25 turns, and cures you of 
fear and petrification, and heals you for 30 hit points, recharging in
d80+80 turns.  When inscribed with {=A} and attacking an opponent, it heal
s one target for 30 hit points, recharging in d80+80 turns.  When set in a
trap, it does 4d6+15 edged damage and heals one target for 30 hit points,
recharging in d80+80 turns.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 15, 18.0 lbs, 90000 AU


The Broad Axe of Methir (2d6) (+5,+13)
--------------------------------------
This Polearm weighs 16.0 lbs.  It does x2 damage when charging.  It does
x3 damage against demons.  It modifies intelligence and speed.  It is not
damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen
from your inventory.  When attacking or thrown, it does 2d6+13 edged
 damage.  When activated, it makes you go berserk for 1d25+25 turns, and 
cures you of fear and petrification, and heals you for 30 hit points,
recharging in 50 turns.  When inscribed with {=A} and attacking an
opponent, it heals one target for 30 hit points, recharging in 50 turns.  
When set in a trap, it does 2d6+13 edged damage and heals one target for
30 hit points, recharging in 50 turns.  You know everything about this
item.  

Level 35, Rarity 6, 16.0 lbs, 31000 AU


The Battle Axe 'Eitholoth' (7d8) (+11,+11)
------------------------------------------
This Polearm weighs 17.0 lbs.  It does x2 damage when charging.  It does
x4 damage against orcs.  It modifies wisdom.  It is blessed by the gods,
allowing priests to wield it.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, 
fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When
attacking or thrown, it does 7d8+11 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it 
does 7d8+11 edged damage.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 12, 17.0 lbs, 42000 AU


The Two-Handed Spear of Celed (2d8) (+8,+10)
--------------------------------------------
This Polearm weighs 18.0 lbs.  It does x2 damage when charging.  It does
x4 damage against orcs.  It does x3 damage from poison.  It provides
resistance to powerful light.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, 
fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When
attacking or thrown, it does 2d8+10 edged damage.  When activated, it 
creates a powerful bolt to dissolve your enemies for 8d12 damage, and 
creates a powerful bolt to dissolve your enemies for 8d12 damage,
recharging in d5+5 turns.  When inscribed with {=A} and attacking an
opponent, it dissolves one target for 8d12 damage, and dissolves one target
 for 8d12 damage, recharging in d5+5 turns.  When set in a trap, it does
2d8+10 edged damage and dissolves one target for 8d12 damage, and dissolve
s one target for 8d12 damage, recharging in d5+5 turns.  You know
everything about this item.  

Level 10, Rarity 5, 18.0 lbs, 13000 AU


The Battle Axe 'Areda' (2d8) (-12,-6)
-------------------------------------
This Polearm weighs 17.0 lbs.  It does x2 damage when charging.  It makes
you vulnerable to water.  It gives its wielder feather falling.  It is not
damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen
from your inventory.  It burdens you with health drain and inability to
use ranged weapons.  It is heavily cursed.  When attacking or thrown, it 
does 2d8-6 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it does 2d8-6 edged damage.  
You know everything about this item.  

Level 40, Rarity 6, 17.0 lbs, 0 AU




Hafted Weapons
--------------

The Mighty Hammer 'Grond' (9d9) (+5,+25) [+10]
----------------------------------------------
This Hafted Weapon weighs 100.0 lbs.  It does x15 damage when charging.  
It does x5 damage against undead, demons and dragons.  It does x4 damage
against natural creatures, orcs and trolls.  It does x3 damage from 
holiness.  It does extra damage from earthquakes.  It gives its wielder 
telepathy and see invisible.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire
, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  It burdens
you with aggravation.  When attacking or thrown, it does 9d9+25 blunt
 damage.  When set in a trap, it does 9d9+25 blunt damage.  It increases
your armor class by 10.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 100, Rarity 1, 100.0 lbs, 500000 AU


The Flail 'Totila' (3d6) (+6,+8)
--------------------------------
This Hafted Weapon weighs 15.0 lbs.  It does x2 damage when charging.  It
does x3 damage from fire and holiness.  It modifies stealth.  It provides
resistance to fire and powerful confusion.  It protects you from confusion
.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It
cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When attacking or thrown, it does
3d6+8 blunt damage.  When activated, it confuses one target for 25 power,
recharging in 15 turns.  When inscribed with {=A} and attacking an
opponent, it confuses one target for 25 power, recharging in 15 turns.  
When set in a trap, it does 3d6+8 blunt damage and confuses one target for
25 power, recharging in 15 turns.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 8, 15.0 lbs, 55000 AU


The Two-Handed Flail 'Thunderfist' (4d6) (+5,+18)
-------------------------------------------------
This Hafted Weapon weighs 30.0 lbs.  It does x4 damage when charging.  It
does x4 damage against natural creatures, orcs and trolls.  It does x3
damage from electricity and fire.  It modifies strength and size and 
constitution.  It provides resistance to electricity, fire, fear and 
powerful darkness.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and 
water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When attacking or
thrown, it does 4d6+18 blunt damage.  When set in a trap, it does 4d6+18 
blunt damage.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 45, Rarity 38, 30.0 lbs, 160000 AU


The Morning Star 'Bloodspike' (2d6) (+8,+22)
--------------------------------------------
This Hafted Weapon weighs 15.0 lbs.  It does x2 damage when charging.  It
does x4 damage against natural creatures, orcs and trolls.  It does x3
damage from poison.  It modifies strength and size.  It provides
resistance to nexus.  It gives its wielder see invisible.  It is not
damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen
from your inventory.  When attacking or thrown, it does 2d6+22 blunt
 damage.  When set in a trap, it does 2d6+22 blunt damage.  You know
everything about this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 30, 15.0 lbs, 30000 AU


The Morning Star 'Firestar' (2d6) (+5,+7) [+2]
----------------------------------------------
This Hafted Weapon weighs 15.0 lbs.  It does x2 damage when charging.  It
does x3 damage from fire.  It provides resistance to fire.  It is not
damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen
from your inventory.  When attacking or thrown, it does 2d6+7 blunt
 damage.  When activated, it creates a ball of radius 2 to burn your
enemies for 80 damage, recharging in 20 turns.  When inscribed with {=A}
and attacking an opponent, it burns one target for 80 damage, recharging
in 20 turns.  When set in a trap, it does 2d6+7 blunt damage and burns one
target for 80 damage, recharging in 20 turns.  It increases your armor
class by 2.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 15, 15.0 lbs, 35000 AU


The Mace 'Taratol' (3d4) (+12,+12)
----------------------------------
This Hafted Weapon weighs 20.0 lbs.  It does x3 damage when charging.  It
does x5 damage against dragons.  It does x3 damage from electricity.  It
provides immunity to electricity.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, 
fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When
attacking or thrown, it does 3d4+12 blunt damage.  When activated, it 
hastes you for 1d20+20 turns, recharging in d100+100 turns.  When set in a
trap, it does 3d4+12 blunt damage, recharging in d100+100 turns.  You know
everything about this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 15, 20.0 lbs, 50000 AU


The War Hammer of Aule (9d3) (+19,+21) [+5]
-------------------------------------------
This Hafted Weapon weighs 12.0 lbs.  It does x5 damage against dragons.  
It does x3 damage from acid and holiness.  It does x3 damage against 
undead and demons.  It modifies wisdom and tunneling.  It provides
resistance to acid, electricity, fire, cold, fear and nexus.  It protects
you from paralysis and magical slowness.  It gives its wielder see
invisible.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  
It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When attacking or thrown, it 
does 9d3+21 blunt damage.  When set in a trap, it does 9d3+21 blunt damage
.  It increases your armor class by 5.  You know everything about this
item.  

Level 40, Rarity 75, 12.0 lbs, 250000 AU


The Quarterstaff 'Nar-i-vagil' (1d9) (+10,+20)
----------------------------------------------
This Hafted Weapon weighs 15.0 lbs.  It does x2 damage when charging.  It
does x4 damage against natural creatures.  It does x3 damage from fire.  
It modifies intelligence.  It provides resistance to fire.  It is not
damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen
from your inventory.  When attacking or thrown, it does 1d9+20 blunt
 damage.  When set in a trap, it does 1d9+20 blunt damage.  You know
everything about this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 18, 15.0 lbs, 70000 AU


The Quarterstaff 'Eriril' (1d9) (+3,+5)
---------------------------------------
This Hafted Weapon weighs 15.0 lbs.  It does x2 damage when charging.  It
does x3 damage from holiness.  It modifies intelligence, wisdom and light
radius.  It provides resistance to powerful light.  It gives its wielder 
see invisible.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and 
water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When attacking or
thrown, it does 1d9+5 blunt damage.  When activated, it can identify the
kind, ego-item and artifact names and all bonuses on one unknown item,
recharging in 10 turns.  When set in a trap, it does 1d9+5 blunt damage,
recharging in 10 turns.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 18, 15.0 lbs, 20000 AU


The Quarterstaff of Olorin (2d9) (+10,+13)
------------------------------------------
This Hafted Weapon weighs 15.0 lbs.  It does x2 damage when charging.  It
does x4 damage against orcs and trolls.  It does x3 damage from fire and 
holiness.  It modifies intelligence, wisdom and charisma.  It provides
resistance to fire, nether and losing experience.  It gives its wielder 
see invisible.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and 
water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When attacking or
thrown, it does 2d9+13 blunt damage.  When activated, it affects all your
enemies in line of sight, recharging in 20 turns.  When inscribed with
{=A} and attacking an opponent, it affects one target, recharging in 20
turns.  When set in a trap, it does 2d9+13 blunt damage and affects one
target, recharging in 20 turns.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 30, Rarity 105, 15.0 lbs, 130000 AU


The Mace of Disruption 'Deathwreaker' (7d8) (+18,+18)
-----------------------------------------------------
This Hafted Weapon weighs 40.0 lbs.  It does x6 damage when charging.  It
does x5 damage against undead.  It does x4 damage against natural creatures
.  It does x3 damage from fire and holiness.  It does x3 damage against 
dragons.  It modifies strength and size and tunneling.  It provides
resistance to powerful darkness, chaos and disenchantment.  It provides
immunity to fire.  It protects you from hallucination.  It is not damaged
by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  It burdens you with aggravation.  When attacking or thrown, it 
does 7d8+18 blunt damage.  When set in a trap, it does 7d8+18 blunt damage
.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 80, Rarity 38, 40.0 lbs, 400000 AU


The Lucerne Hammer 'Turmil' (2d5) (+10,+6) [+8]
-----------------------------------------------
This Hafted Weapon weighs 12.0 lbs.  It does x4 damage against orcs.  It
does x3 damage from cold.  It modifies wisdom, infravision, light radius
 and mana regeneration.  It provides resistance to cold and powerful light
.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It
cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When attacking or thrown, it does
2d5+6 blunt damage.  When activated, it drains life from one target for
125 damage, recharging in 40 turns.  When inscribed with {=A} and
attacking an opponent, it drains life from one target for 125 damage,
recharging in 40 turns.  When set in a trap, it does 2d5+6 blunt damage
 and drains life from one target for 125 damage, recharging in 40 turns.  
It increases your armor class by 8.  You know everything about this item.  


Level 20, Rarity 15, 12.0 lbs, 30000 AU


The Whip of Gothmog (6d3) (+13,+15)
-----------------------------------
This Hafted Weapon weighs 9.0 lbs.  It does x5 damage against dragons.  It
does x4 damage against natural creatures, trolls and giants.  It does x3
damage from fire.  It modifies intelligence, wisdom, dexterity and agility
 and light radius.  It provides resistance to electricity and powerful
darkness.  It provides immunity to fire.  It is not damaged by acid, 
electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  It marks you as demonic.  It burdens you with aggravation and 
health drain.  It is heavily cursed.  When attacking or thrown, it does 6d3
+15 blunt damage.  When activated, it creates a storm of radius 3 to burn 
your enemies for 145 damage, recharging in 15 turns.  When inscribed with
{=A} and attacking an opponent, it burns one target for 145 damage,
recharging in 15 turns.  When set in a trap, it does 6d3+15 blunt damage
 and burns one target for 145 damage, recharging in 15 turns.  You know
everything about this item.  

Level 60, Rarity 25, 9.0 lbs, 25000 AU


The Ball-and-Chain of Fundin Bluecloak (4d4) (+13,+17) [+10]
------------------------------------------------------------
This Hafted Weapon weighs 13.0 lbs.  It does x3 damage from holiness.  It
does x3 damage against undead.  It modifies strength and size, wisdom, 
speed and light radius.  It provides resistance to electricity, fire, 
nether and losing experience.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, 
fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When
attacking or thrown, it does 4d4+17 blunt damage.  When activated, it 
dispels all your enemies in line of sight if evil for 250 damage,
recharging in d100+100 turns.  When inscribed with {=A} and attacking an
opponent, it dispels one target if evil for 250 damage, recharging in
d100+100 turns.  When set in a trap, it does 4d4+17 blunt damage and 
dispels one target if evil for 250 damage, recharging in d100+100 turns.  
It increases your armor class by 10.  You know everything about this item.


Level 65, Rarity 100, 13.0 lbs, 60000 AU


The Ball-and-Chain 'Telim' (2d4) (+16,+11)
------------------------------------------
This Hafted Weapon weighs 15.0 lbs.  It does x2 damage when charging.  It
does x3 damage from cold.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, 
cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When attacking
or thrown, it does 2d4+11 blunt damage.  When activated, it cures you of 
blindness, and partially cures you of cuts, and heals you for 5d10 hit
points, recharging in d3+3 turns.  When inscribed with {=A} and attacking
an opponent, it heals one target for 5d10 hit points, recharging in d3+3
turns.  When set in a trap, it does 2d4+11 blunt damage and heals one
target for 5d10 hit points, recharging in d3+3 turns.  You know everything
about this item.  

Level 30, Rarity 15, 15.0 lbs, 12000 AU


The Lucerne Hammer of Gliel (2d5) (+12,+13)
-------------------------------------------
This Hafted Weapon weighs 12.0 lbs.  It does x3 damage from poison.  It
does x3 damage against demons.  It provides resistance to powerful darkness
.  It gives its wielder see invisible.  It is not damaged by acid, 
electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  When attacking or thrown, it does 2d5+13 blunt damage.  When
set in a trap, it does 2d5+13 blunt damage.  You know everything about
this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 8, 12.0 lbs, 24000 AU


The War Hammer of Naellion (3d3) (+8,+7)
----------------------------------------
This Hafted Weapon weighs 12.0 lbs.  It does x4 damage against natural
creatures.  It modifies stealth.  It protects you from paralysis and 
magical slowness.  It gives its wielder feather falling.  It is not
damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen
from your inventory.  When attacking or thrown, it does 3d3+7 blunt
 damage.  When activated, it creates a beam to electrify your enemies for
3d9 damage, and creates a beam to electrify your enemies for 3d9 damage,
recharging in d6+6 turns.  When inscribed with {=A} and attacking an
opponent, it electrifys one target for 3d9 damage, and electrifys one
target for 3d9 damage, recharging in d6+6 turns.  When set in a trap, it 
does 3d3+7 blunt damage and electrifys one target for 3d9 damage, and 
electrifys one target for 3d9 damage, recharging in d6+6 turns.  You know
everything about this item.  

Level 10, Rarity 2, 12.0 lbs, 17000 AU


The Quarterstaff of Armirm (1d9) (+8,+8)
----------------------------------------
This Hafted Weapon weighs 15.0 lbs.  It does x2 damage when charging.  It
provides resistance to powerful confusion.  It protects you from confusion
.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It
cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When attacking or thrown, it does
1d9+8 blunt damage.  When activated, it creates a bolt to freeze your
enemies for 5d12 damage, and creates a bolt to freeze your enemies for
5d12 damage, recharging in d7+7 turns.  When inscribed with {=A} and
attacking an opponent, it freezes one target for 5d12 damage, and freezes 
one target for 5d12 damage, recharging in d7+7 turns.  When set in a trap,
it does 1d9+8 blunt damage and freezes one target for 5d12 damage, and 
freezes one target for 5d12 damage, recharging in d7+7 turns.  You know
everything about this item.  

Level 10, Rarity 2, 15.0 lbs, 14000 AU


The Mace of Disruption of Carindiri (5d8) (+19,+21)
---------------------------------------------------
This Hafted Weapon weighs 36.0 lbs.  It does x5 damage when charging.  It
does x5 damage against demons.  It does x3 damage from electricity.  It
does x3 damage against undead.  It sustains intelligence.  It provides
resistance to cold and fear.  It protects you from paralysis and magical
slowness.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  
It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When attacking or thrown, it 
does 5d8+21 blunt damage.  When activated, it surrounds you with a star to
 electrify your enemies for 150 damage, recharging in 50 turns.  When
inscribed with {=A} and attacking an opponent, it electrifys one target
 for 150 damage, recharging in 50 turns.  When set in a trap, it does 5d8
+21 blunt damage and electrifys one target for 150 damage, recharging in
50 turns.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 90, Rarity 36, 36.0 lbs, 61000 AU




Bows
----

The Long Bow 'Belthronding' (x3) (+20,+22)
------------------------------------------
This Bow weighs 4.0 lbs.  It modifies dexterity and agility, stealth, 
speed and shots.  It provides resistance to disenchantment.  It is not
damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen
from your inventory.  When shooting or set in a trap, it multiplies the
base damage of arrows by 3.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 40, Rarity 20, 4.0 lbs, 35000 AU


The Long Bow of Bard (x3) (+17,+19)
-----------------------------------
This Bow weighs 4.0 lbs.  It modifies dexterity and agility and might.  It
protects you from paralysis and magical slowness.  It senses dragons.  It
is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be
stolen from your inventory.  When shooting or set in a trap, it multiplies
the base damage of arrows by 5.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 30, Rarity 20, 4.0 lbs, 20000 AU


The Light Crossbow 'Cubragol' (x3) (+10,+14)
--------------------------------------------
This Bow weighs 11.0 lbs.  It modifies speed.  It provides resistance to 
fire.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It
cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d2+14 blunt
 damage.  When shooting or set in a trap, it multiplies the base damage of 
bolts by 3.  When activated, it can enchant one missile to become branded,
recharging in 999 turns.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 50, Rarity 25, 11.0 lbs, 50000 AU


The Heavy Crossbow of Umbar (x4) (+18,+18)
------------------------------------------
This Bow weighs 20.0 lbs.  It modifies strength and size, constitution and 
might.  It provides resistance to electricity, powerful light and powerful
darkness.  It protects you from blindness.  It is not damaged by acid, 
electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  It burdens you with aggravation.  When thrown, it does 4d1+18 
blunt damage.  When shooting or set in a trap, it multiplies the base
damage of bolts by 6.  When activated, it creates an arrow to attack one
target for 150 damage, recharging in d20+20 turns.  You know everything
about this item.  

Level 60, Rarity 20, 20.0 lbs, 35000 AU


The Short Bow of Amrod (x2) (+12,+15)
-------------------------------------
This Bow weighs 3.0 lbs.  It modifies strength and size, constitution, 
might and hitpoint regeneration.  It provides resistance to electricity, 
fire and cold.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and 
water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When shooting or set in
a trap, it multiplies the base damage of arrows by 4.  You know everything
about this item.  

Level 25, Rarity 10, 3.0 lbs, 9000 AU


The Short Bow of Amras (x2) (+12,+15)
-------------------------------------
This Bow weighs 3.0 lbs.  It modifies intelligence, wisdom, dexterity and
agility, shots and might.  It provides resistance to electricity, fire and 
cold.  It gives its wielder slow digestion.  It is not damaged by acid, 
electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  When shooting or set in a trap, it multiplies the base damage
of arrows by 3.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 25, Rarity 10, 3.0 lbs, 9000 AU


The Hand Crossbow of Mionda (x2) (+19,+15)
------------------------------------------
This Bow weighs 6.0 lbs.  It modifies dexterity and agility and might.  It
provides resistance to fire and fear.  It protects you from paralysis and 
magical slowness.  It gives its wielder slow digestion.  It is not damaged
by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d1+15 blunt damage.  When shooting or
set in a trap, it multiplies the base damage of bolts by 4.  You know
everything about this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 36, 6.0 lbs, 31000 AU


The Hand Crossbow of Tauglach (x2) (+20,+14)
--------------------------------------------
This Bow weighs 6.0 lbs.  It modifies intelligence and charisma.  It is
not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be
stolen from your inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d1+14 blunt damage.  
When shooting or set in a trap, it multiplies the base damage of bolts by
2.  When activated, it creates a ball of radius 2 to burn your enemies for
80 damage, recharging in 20 turns.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 30, 6.0 lbs, 15000 AU


The Sling of Rannarwe (x2) (+21,+17)
------------------------------------
This Bow weighs 0.5 lbs.  It modifies might.  It provides resistance to 
electricity.  It provides immunity to cold.  It is not damaged by acid, 
electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  When shooting or set in a trap, it multiplies the base damage
of shots or thrown items by 5.  When activated, it confuses one target for
25 power, recharging in 15 turns.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 16, 0.5 lbs, 45000 AU


The Hand Crossbow of Eldainas (x2) (+16,+11)
--------------------------------------------
This Bow weighs 6.0 lbs.  It modifies might.  It provides resistance to 
electricity.  It protects you from paralysis and magical slowness.  It
senses trolls.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and 
water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d1
+11 blunt damage.  When shooting or set in a trap, it multiplies the base
damage of bolts by 5.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 45, 6.0 lbs, 30000 AU


The Hand Crossbow 'Rufin' (x2) (+9,+9)
--------------------------------------
This Bow weighs 6.0 lbs.  It modifies constitution and stealth.  It
provides resistance to powerful light.  It senses demons.  It is not
damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen
from your inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d1+9 blunt damage.  When
shooting or set in a trap, it multiplies the base damage of bolts by 2.  
When activated, it creates a bolt to freeze your enemies for 5d16 damage, 
creates a bolt to freeze your enemies for 5d16 damage, and creates a bolt
 to freeze your enemies for 5d16 damage, recharging in 50 turns.  You know
everything about this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 90, 6.0 lbs, 44000 AU


The Short Bow of Nimbaldin (x2) (+10,+13)
-----------------------------------------
This Bow weighs 3.0 lbs.  It modifies intelligence.  It provides
resistance to acid, fire and cold.  It senses trolls.  It is not damaged by
 acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  When shooting or set in a trap, it multiplies the base damage
of arrows by 2.  When activated, it creates a missile to blast your enemies
 with magic for 3d4 damage, recharging in 2 turns.  You know everything
about this item.  

Level 10, Rarity 3, 3.0 lbs, 21000 AU


The Hand Crossbow of Faegrost (x2) (+8,+29)
-------------------------------------------
This Bow weighs 6.0 lbs.  It modifies intelligence, constitution, 
searching, tunneling and might.  It provides resistance to electricity, 
cold, poison and powerful light.  It protects you from the effects of
poison.  It gives its wielder slow digestion and see invisible.  It is not
damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen
from your inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d1+29 blunt damage.  When
shooting or set in a trap, it multiplies the base damage of bolts by 4.  
You know everything about this item.  

Level 40, Rarity 160, 6.0 lbs, 61000 AU


The Heavy Crossbow of Edhor (x4) (+22,+16)
------------------------------------------
This Bow weighs 20.0 lbs.  It modifies intelligence, wisdom, constitution
 and might.  It gives its wielder slow digestion and see invisible.  It is
not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be
stolen from your inventory.  When thrown, it does 3d1+16 blunt damage.  
When shooting or set in a trap, it multiplies the base damage of bolts by
7.  When activated, it cures you of amnesia, and restores your strength
and size, intelligence, wisdom, dexterity and agility, constitution and 
charisma, recharging in 250 turns.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 40, Rarity 160, 20.0 lbs, 48000 AU


The Sling of Lurth (x2) (+21,+15)
---------------------------------
This Bow weighs 0.5 lbs.  It modifies constitution.  It provides
resistance to acid, electricity and fire.  It is not damaged by acid, 
electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  When shooting or set in a trap, it multiplies the base damage
of shots or thrown items by 2.  When activated, it surrounds you with an
aura of radius 2 to send your enemies to sleep for 25 power, recharging in
55 turns.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 5, Rarity 25, 0.5 lbs, 24000 AU


The Hand Crossbow of Estin (x2) (+10,+16)
-----------------------------------------
This Bow weighs 6.0 lbs.  It modifies constitution and might.  It gives
its wielder slow digestion and telepathy.  It is not damaged by acid, 
electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d1+16 blunt damage.  When shooting or
set in a trap, it multiplies the base damage of bolts by 4.  You know
everything about this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 2, 6.0 lbs, 34000 AU


The Light Crossbow of Falair (x3) (+16,+17)
-------------------------------------------
This Bow weighs 11.0 lbs.  It modifies strength and size, wisdom, 
dexterity and agility and might.  It provides resistance to fire, sound
 and nexus.  It protects you from stunning.  It is not damaged by acid, 
electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d2+17 blunt damage.  When shooting or
set in a trap, it multiplies the base damage of bolts by 6.  You know
everything about this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 3, 11.0 lbs, 56000 AU


The Light Crossbow of Naromin (x3) (+20,+14)
--------------------------------------------
This Bow weighs 11.0 lbs.  It modifies charisma, might and light radius.  
It provides resistance to fire.  It protects you from paralysis and 
magical slowness.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and 
water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  It burdens you with 
aggravation.  When thrown, it does 1d2+14 blunt damage.  When shooting or
set in a trap, it multiplies the base damage of bolts by 6.  When
activated, it protects your from evil monsters for 1d25 turns, recharging
in d100+100 turns.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 50, Rarity 20, 11.0 lbs, 48000 AU




Diggers
-------

The Mattock of Nain (3d8) (+12,+18)
-----------------------------------
This Digger weighs 25.0 lbs.  You can dig pits with this to trap monsters.
It does x3 damage when charging.  It does x4 damage against orcs, trolls
 and giants.  It does x3 damage from acid.  It does x3 damage against 
dragons.  It modifies strength and size, searching, infravision and 
tunneling.  It provides resistance to acid, powerful darkness and 
disenchantment.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and 
water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When attacking or
thrown, it does 3d8+18 blunt damage.  When activated, it removes rock from
 one direction for 6d8 damage to monsters made from rock, recharging in 2
turns.  When inscribed with {=A} and attacking an opponent, it removes 
rock from one target for 6d8 damage to monsters made from rock, recharging
in 2 turns.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 60, Rarity 8, 25.0 lbs, 30000 AU


The Dwarven Pick of Erebor (3d4) (+5,+20)
-----------------------------------------
This Digger weighs 20.0 lbs.  You can dig pits with this to trap monsters.
It does x3 damage when charging.  It does x4 damage against orcs and 
trolls.  It does x3 damage from acid.  It does x3 damage against demons.  
It modifies strength and size, constitution, tunneling and light radius.  
It sustains strength and size.  It provides resistance to powerful light, 
powerful darkness and chaos.  It protects you from hallucination.  It is
not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be
stolen from your inventory.  When attacking or thrown, it does 3d4+20 
blunt damage.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 55, Rarity 5, 20.0 lbs, 30000 AU


The Pick of Noldon (2d3) (+14,+12)
----------------------------------
This Digger weighs 15.0 lbs.  You can dig pits with this to trap monsters.
It does x2 damage when charging.  It does x5 damage against dragons.  It
does x4 damage against elves.  It does x3 damage from light and darkness.  
It modifies searching and tunneling.  It provides resistance to powerful
darkness and chaos.  It protects you from hallucination.  It is not
damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen
from your inventory.  It marks you as evil.  When attacking or thrown, it 
does 2d3+12 blunt damage.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 25, Rarity 2, 15.0 lbs, 36000 AU




Body Armor
----------

The Hard Leather Armour of Himring [6,+15]
------------------------------------------
This Soft Armor weighs 10.0 lbs.  It provides resistance to poison, nether
 and chaos.  It protects you from the effects of poison and hallucination.
It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot
be stolen from your inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  
When activated, it protects your from evil monsters for 1d25 turns,
recharging in d100+100 turns.  It increases your armor class by 21.  You
know everything about this item.  

Level 50, Rarity 20, 10.0 lbs, 35000 AU


The Soft Leather Armour 'Hithlomir' [4,+20]
-------------------------------------------
This Soft Armor weighs 8.0 lbs.  It modifies stealth.  It provides
resistance to acid, electricity, fire, cold and powerful darkness.  It is
not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be
stolen from your inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  It
increases your armor class by 24.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 3, 8.0 lbs, 45000 AU


The Leather Scale Mail 'Thalkettoth' (-1) [11,+25]
--------------------------------------------------
This Soft Armor weighs 6.0 lbs.  It modifies dexterity and agility.  It
provides resistance to acid and shards.  It protects you from cuts.  It is
not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be
stolen from your inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d2 blunt damage.  It
increases your armor class by 36.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 3, 6.0 lbs, 25000 AU


The Hard Studded Leather of Thalaquen (-1) [7,+16]
--------------------------------------------------
This Soft Armor weighs 11.0 lbs.  It modifies intelligence.  It provides
resistance to acid, poison, sound and disenchantment.  It protects you from
 the effects of poison and stunning.  It is not damaged by acid, 
electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d2 blunt damage.  It increases your
armor class by 23.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 18, Rarity 90, 11.0 lbs, 51000 AU


The Hard Studded Leather of Oiondon (-1,+3) [7,+15]
---------------------------------------------------
This Soft Armor weighs 9.9 lbs.  It sustains wisdom.  It provides
resistance to fear, powerful light, sound and nether.  It protects you from
 stunning.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  
It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d2+3 blunt
 damage.  It increases your armor class by 22.  You know everything about
this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 60, 9.9 lbs, 45000 AU


The Leather Scale Mail of Wenelon (-1) [10,+30]
-----------------------------------------------
This Soft Armor weighs 14.0 lbs.  It modifies dexterity and agility.  It
provides resistance to acid, fire, powerful light, powerful darkness, 
sound, nexus and losing experience.  It protects you from stunning, 
paralysis and magical slowness.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, 
fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When
thrown, it does 1d2 blunt damage.  When activated, it makes you go berserk
 for 1d25+25 turns, and cures you of fear and petrification, and heals you
 for 30 hit points, recharging in d80+80 turns.  It increases your armor
class by 40.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 30, 14.0 lbs, 103000 AU


The Soft Studded Leather of Essea [5,+26]
-----------------------------------------
This Soft Armor weighs 8.1 lbs.  It provides resistance to poison, fear, 
powerful light, powerful darkness and powerful confusion.  It protects you
from the effects of poison, blindness and confusion.  It is not damaged by
 acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  It increases your
armor class by 31.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 15, Rarity 105, 8.1 lbs, 85000 AU


The Leather Scale Mail of Erendorog (-1,+1) [10,+8]
---------------------------------------------------
This Soft Armor weighs 14.0 lbs.  It modifies intelligence and light radius
.  It provides resistance to acid, electricity, fire, cold, fear and 
shards.  It protects you from cuts.  It is not damaged by acid, 
electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d2+1 blunt damage.  When activated, it 
creates a ball of radius 2 to freeze your enemies for 55 damage,
recharging in d5+5 turns.  It increases your armor class by 18.  You know
everything about this item.  

Level 10, Rarity 80, 14.0 lbs, 29000 AU


The Soft Leather Armour of Hilion [4,+26]
-----------------------------------------
This Soft Armor weighs 8.0 lbs.  It provides resistance to acid, 
electricity and powerful light.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, 
fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When
activated, it creates a cloud of radius 2 to poison your enemies for 10 
damage, recharging in d4+4 turns.  It increases your armor class by 30.  
You know everything about this item.  

Level 5, Rarity 80, 8.0 lbs, 38000 AU


The Hard Studded Leather of Antiri (-1) [7,+8]
----------------------------------------------
This Soft Armor weighs 11.0 lbs.  It protects you from paralysis and 
magical slowness.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and 
water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d2
 blunt damage.  When activated, it creates a beam to electrify your enemies
 for 3d6 damage, recharging in d6+6 turns.  It increases your armor class
by 15.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 4, Rarity 10, 11.0 lbs, 10000 AU


The Hard Leather Armour of Anwente [6,+9]
-----------------------------------------
This Soft Armor weighs 10.0 lbs.  It provides resistance to powerful
darkness and disenchantment.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire
, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  It burdens
you with aggravation.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
activated, it creates a bolt to freeze your enemies for 5d8 damage,
recharging in d7+7 turns.  It increases your armor class by 15.  You know
everything about this item.  

Level 4, Rarity 10, 10.0 lbs, 9000 AU


The Soft Studded Leather of Aglir [5,+16]
-----------------------------------------
This Soft Armor weighs 9.0 lbs.  It provides resistance to acid, cold and 
powerful light.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and 
water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d1
 blunt damage.  It increases your armor class by 21.  You know everything
about this item.  

Level 5, Rarity 10, 9.0 lbs, 21000 AU


The Soft Studded Leather of Varwenya [5,+9]
-------------------------------------------
This Soft Armor weighs 8.1 lbs.  It modifies wisdom.  It provides
resistance to poison and powerful darkness.  It protects you from the
effects of poison.  It gives its wielder see invisible.  It is not damaged
by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When activated, it 
provides temporary fire, cold, acid, lightning and poison resistance for
1d20+20 turns, recharging in 111 turns.  It increases your armor class by
14.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 5, Rarity 45, 8.1 lbs, 41000 AU


The Adamantite Plate Armour 'Soulkeeper' (-4) [40,+20]
------------------------------------------------------
This Hard Armor weighs 42.0 lbs.  It modifies constitution.  It sustains 
constitution.  It provides resistance to acid, cold, fear, powerful
darkness, powerful confusion, nexus, nether, chaos and losing experience.  
It protects you from hallucination and confusion.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  When thrown, it does 2d4 blunt damage.  When activated, it 
cures you of cuts and stun damage, and heals you for 1000 hit points,
recharging in 444 turns.  It increases your armor class by 60.  You know
everything about this item.  

Level 75, Rarity 9, 42.0 lbs, 300000 AU


The Full Plate Armour of Isildur [25,+25]
-----------------------------------------
This Hard Armor weighs 30.0 lbs.  It modifies constitution.  It provides
resistance to acid, electricity, fire, cold, powerful confusion, sound and 
nexus.  It protects you from stunning and confusion.  It is not damaged by
 acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  When thrown, it does 2d4 blunt damage.  It increases your
armor class by 50.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 30, Rarity 3, 30.0 lbs, 50000 AU


The Segmented Plate Mail of the Rohirrim [19,+15]
-------------------------------------------------
This Hard Armor weighs 20.0 lbs.  It modifies strength and size and 
dexterity and agility.  It provides resistance to acid, electricity, fire, 
cold, fear, powerful confusion and sound.  It protects you from stunning
 and confusion.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and 
water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  It marks you as a man.  
When thrown, it does 1d4 blunt damage.  It increases your armor class by
34.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 30, Rarity 3, 20.0 lbs, 30000 AU


The Mithril Chain Mail 'Belegennon' (-1) [28,+20]
-------------------------------------------------
This Hard Armor weighs 15.0 lbs.  It modifies stealth.  It provides
resistance to acid, electricity, fire, cold and poison.  It protects you
from the effects of poison.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, 
cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When thrown, it 
does 1d4 blunt damage.  When activated, it teleports you away for 10 
distance on average, recharging in 2 turns.  It increases your armor class
by 48.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 40, Rarity 3, 15.0 lbs, 105000 AU


The Mithril Plate Armour of Celeborn (-3) [35,+25]
--------------------------------------------------
This Hard Armor weighs 25.0 lbs.  It modifies strength and size and 
charisma.  It provides resistance to acid, electricity, fire, cold, 
powerful darkness and disenchantment.  It is not damaged by acid, 
electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  When thrown, it does 2d4 blunt damage.  When activated, it 
allows you to remove a monster type from a level (1d4 damage per monster),
recharging in 500 turns.  It increases your armor class by 60.  You know
everything about this item.  

Level 40, Rarity 3, 25.0 lbs, 150000 AU


The Chain Mail of Arvedui (-2) [14,+15]
---------------------------------------
This Hard Armor weighs 22.0 lbs.  It modifies strength and size and 
charisma.  It provides resistance to acid, electricity, fire, cold, shards
 and nexus.  It protects you from cuts.  It is not damaged by acid, 
electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d4 blunt damage.  It increases your
armor class by 29.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 3, 22.0 lbs, 32000 AU


The Augmented Chain Mail of Caspanion (-2) [16,+20]
---------------------------------------------------
This Hard Armor weighs 27.0 lbs.  It modifies intelligence, wisdom and 
constitution.  It provides resistance to acid, poison and powerful
confusion.  It protects you from the effects of poison and confusion.  It
is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be
stolen from your inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d4 blunt damage.  When
activated, it removes doors from all enemies adjacent to you, recharging
in 10 turns.  It increases your armor class by 36.  You know everything
about this item.  

Level 25, Rarity 9, 27.0 lbs, 40000 AU


The Mithril Chain Mail of Tinde (-1) [28,+21]
---------------------------------------------
This Hard Armor weighs 15.0 lbs.  It provides resistance to electricity, 
powerful light and powerful confusion.  It protects you from confusion.  
It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot
be stolen from your inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d4 blunt damage.  It
increases your armor class by 49.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 25, Rarity 2, 15.0 lbs, 37000 AU


The Metal Scale Mail 'Edriant' (-3,+2) [15,+21]
-----------------------------------------------
This Hard Armor weighs 25.0 lbs.  It modifies wisdom and charisma.  It
provides resistance to cold, fear and powerful light.  It protects you from
 paralysis and magical slowness.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, 
fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When
thrown, it does 1d4+2 blunt damage.  When activated, it hastes you for
1d20+20 turns, recharging in d100+100 turns.  It increases your armor
class by 36.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 30, 25.0 lbs, 39000 AU


The Chain Mail of Lendudhri (-1) [14,+20]
-----------------------------------------
This Hard Armor weighs 22.0 lbs.  It provides resistance to electricity, 
powerful light and powerful confusion.  It protects you from confusion, 
paralysis and magical slowness.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, 
fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When
thrown, it does 1d4 blunt damage.  It increases your armor class by 34.  
You know everything about this item.  

Level 15, Rarity 12, 22.0 lbs, 44000 AU


The Imperial Plate Armour of Nastirn (-3,+4) [28,+19]
-----------------------------------------------------
This Hard Armor weighs 34.2 lbs.  It modifies wisdom.  It provides
resistance to acid, electricity, cold, powerful darkness and nether.  It
is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be
stolen from your inventory.  When thrown, it does 2d4+4 blunt damage.  It
increases your armor class by 47.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 30, Rarity 75, 34.2 lbs, 51000 AU


The Full Plate Armour of Dangrin (-3) [25,+18]
----------------------------------------------
This Hard Armor weighs 38.0 lbs.  It modifies constitution.  It provides
resistance to electricity.  It protects you from blindness.  It is not
damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen
from your inventory.  When thrown, it does 2d4 blunt damage.  When
activated, it drains life from one target for 125 damage, recharging in 40
turns.  It increases your armor class by 43.  You know everything about
this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 30, 38.0 lbs, 41000 AU


The Double Chain Mail of Orello (-2) [16,+17]
---------------------------------------------
This Hard Armor weighs 25.0 lbs.  It provides resistance to nether and 
disenchantment.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and 
water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d4
 blunt damage.  It increases your armor class by 33.  You know everything
about this item.  

Level 15, Rarity 24, 25.0 lbs, 30000 AU


The Chain Mail of Nibilweth (-2) [14,+29]
-----------------------------------------
This Hard Armor weighs 22.0 lbs.  It provides resistance to poison and 
powerful darkness.  It protects you from the effects of poison.  It is not
damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen
from your inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d4 blunt damage.  It increases
your armor class by 43.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 24, 22.0 lbs, 55000 AU


The Mithril Chain Mail of Heldalmor (-1) [28,+20]
-------------------------------------------------
This Hard Armor weighs 15.0 lbs.  It modifies dexterity and agility.  It
provides resistance to acid, electricity, fire, cold, fear, powerful light
 and powerful darkness.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, 
cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When thrown, it 
does 1d4 blunt damage.  It increases your armor class by 48.  You know
everything about this item.  

Level 30, Rarity 11, 15.0 lbs, 61000 AU


The Full Plate Armour of Haradrith (-3) [25,+25]
------------------------------------------------
This Hard Armor weighs 38.0 lbs.  It modifies charisma and searching.  It
provides resistance to acid, electricity, fire, cold and fear.  It
protects you from blindness.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire
, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When thrown,
it does 2d4 blunt damage.  It increases your armor class by 50.  You know
everything about this item.  

Level 15, Rarity 90, 38.0 lbs, 45000 AU


The Mithril Chain Mail of Aldis (-1) [28,+22]
---------------------------------------------
This Hard Armor weighs 15.0 lbs.  It modifies strength and size, 
constitution, charisma, speed and hitpoint regeneration.  It provides
resistance to acid, electricity, fire, cold, poison, fear, powerful light
 and nether.  It protects you from the effects of poison.  It is not
damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen
from your inventory.  It marks you as draconic.  When thrown, it does 1d4 
blunt damage.  It increases your armor class by 50.  You know everything
about this item.  

Level 40, Rarity 5, 15.0 lbs, 152000 AU


The Chain Mail of Telch (-2) [14,+15]
-------------------------------------
This Hard Armor weighs 22.0 lbs.  It modifies dexterity and agility, 
constitution and stealth.  It sustains charisma.  It provides resistance to
 acid, electricity, fire, cold and sound.  It protects you from stunning.  
It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot
be stolen from your inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d4 blunt damage.  It
increases your armor class by 29.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 30, Rarity 3, 22.0 lbs, 50000 AU


The Laminated Plate Armour of Halingil (-3) [23,+26]
----------------------------------------------------
This Hard Armor weighs 34.0 lbs.  It provides resistance to fire, fear and 
powerful confusion.  It protects you from confusion, paralysis and magical
slowness.  It gives its wielder see invisible.  It is not damaged by acid, 
electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d6 blunt damage.  It increases your
armor class by 49.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 3, 34.0 lbs, 50000 AU


The Laminated Plate Armour of Hadon (-3) [23,+25]
-------------------------------------------------
This Hard Armor weighs 34.0 lbs.  It sustains strength and size.  It
provides resistance to fire, cold, nexus, nether and disenchantment.  It
is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be
stolen from your inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d6 blunt damage.  It
increases your armor class by 48.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 30, Rarity 3, 34.0 lbs, 63000 AU


The Multi-Hued Dragon Scale Mail 'Razorback' (-4) [30,+25]
----------------------------------------------------------
This Dragon Scale Mail weighs 50.0 lbs.  It provides resistance to acid, 
fire, cold, poison, powerful light and powerful darkness.  It provides
immunity to electricity.  It protects you from the effects of poison, 
paralysis and magical slowness.  It gives its wielder see invisible.  It
is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be
stolen from your inventory.  It marks you as draconic.  It burdens you with
 aggravation and mana drain.  When thrown, it does 2d4 blunt damage.  When
activated, it surrounds you with a star to electrify your enemies for 150 
damage, recharging in 50 turns.  When set in a trap, it electrifys one
target for 150 damage, recharging in 50 turns.  It increases your armor
class by 55.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 90, Rarity 9, 50.0 lbs, 400000 AU


The Power Dragon Scale Mail 'Bladeturner' (-8) [50,+35]
-------------------------------------------------------
This Dragon Scale Mail weighs 60.0 lbs.  It provides resistance to acid, 
electricity, fire, cold, poison, fear, powerful light, powerful darkness, 
powerful confusion, sound, shards, nexus, nether, chaos, disenchantment
 and losing experience.  It protects you from the effects of poison, 
blindness, stunning, cuts, hallucination and confusion.  It is not damaged
by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  It marks you as draconic.  It burdens you with mana drain.  
When thrown, it does 2d4 blunt damage.  When activated, it provides
temporary fire, cold, acid, lightning and poison resistance, makes you go
berserk and blesses you for 1d50+50 turns, recharging in 400 turns.  It
increases your armor class by 85.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 100, Rarity 16, 60.0 lbs, 500000 AU


The Balance Dragon Scale Mail 'Mediator' (-4) [30,+25]
------------------------------------------------------
This Dragon Scale Mail weighs 50.0 lbs.  It provides resistance to 
powerful confusion, sound, shards, nexus, chaos and disenchantment.  It
protects you from stunning, cuts, hallucination, confusion, paralysis and 
magical slowness.  It gives its wielder slow digestion.  It is not damaged
by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  It marks you as draconic.  It burdens you with aggravation.  
When thrown, it does 2d4 blunt damage.  When activated, it surrounds you
with a star to electrify your enemies for 150 damage, recharging in 50
turns.  When set in a trap, it electrifys one target for 150 damage,
recharging in 50 turns.  It increases your armor class by 55.  You know
everything about this item.  

Level 95, Rarity 12, 50.0 lbs, 400000 AU


The Power Dragon Scale Mail 'Eilindor' (-3) [40,+30]
----------------------------------------------------
This Dragon Scale Mail weighs 20.0 lbs.  It modifies intelligence and 
light radius.  It sustains constitution.  It provides resistance to acid, 
electricity, fire, cold, poison, fear, powerful light, powerful darkness, 
powerful confusion, sound, shards, nexus, nether, chaos, disenchantment
 and losing experience.  It protects you from the effects of poison, 
stunning, cuts, hallucination and confusion.  It is not damaged by acid, 
electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  It marks you as draconic and elven.  It burdens you with 
aggravation.  When thrown, it does 2d4 blunt damage.  When set in a trap,
it blasts one target with magic for 300 damageIt increases your armor
class by 70.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 80, Rarity 4, 20.0 lbs, 177000 AU


The Balance Dragon Scale Mail 'Egnin' (-2) [30,+31]
---------------------------------------------------
This Dragon Scale Mail weighs 16.2 lbs.  It modifies intelligence, 
constitution, charisma and stealth.  It provides resistance to fire, 
poison, sound, shards, chaos and disenchantment.  It protects you from the
effects of poison, blindness, stunning, cuts and hallucination.  It is not
damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen
from your inventory.  It marks you as draconic.  When thrown, it does 2d4 
blunt damage.  When set in a trap, it deafens one target for 130 damage,
or blasts one target with disenchantment for 100 damage, or blasts one
target with chaos for 220 damage, or blasts one target with shards for 230 
damageIt increases your armor class by 61.  You know everything about this
item.  

Level 40, Rarity 9, 16.2 lbs, 119000 AU


The White Dragon Scale Mail 'Adairi' (-2) [30,+36]
--------------------------------------------------
This Dragon Scale Mail weighs 20.0 lbs.  It provides resistance to 
electricity, cold, poison, powerful light and shards.  It protects you from
 the effects of poison, blindness and cuts.  It is not damaged by acid, 
electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  It marks you as draconic.  When thrown, it does 2d4 blunt
 damage.  When set in a trap, it freezes one target for 115 damageIt
increases your armor class by 66.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 45, Rarity 9, 20.0 lbs, 87000 AU


The Black Dragon Scale Mail of Lonatan (-2,+9) [30,+30]
-------------------------------------------------------
This Dragon Scale Mail weighs 20.0 lbs.  It provides resistance to acid, 
poison, fear, powerful light, powerful darkness, sound, shards and 
disenchantment.  It protects you from the effects of poison, blindness, 
stunning and cuts.  It gives its wielder see invisible.  It is not damaged
by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  It marks you as draconic.  When thrown, it does 2d4+9 blunt
 damage.  When set in a trap, it dissolves one target for 130 damageIt
increases your armor class by 60.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 30, Rarity 33, 20.0 lbs, 119000 AU


The Red Dragon Scale Mail of Nachalim (-2) [30,+24]
---------------------------------------------------
This Dragon Scale Mail weighs 18.0 lbs.  It modifies constitution.  It
provides resistance to acid, electricity, fire, cold, powerful darkness, 
sound, nexus and nether.  It protects you from stunning.  It is not
damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen
from your inventory.  It marks you as draconic.  When thrown, it does 2d4 
blunt damage.  When set in a trap, it burns one target for 200 damageIt
increases your armor class by 54.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 30, Rarity 45, 18.0 lbs, 94000 AU


The Red Dragon Scale Mail 'Armor' (-2) [30,+23]
-----------------------------------------------
This Dragon Scale Mail weighs 20.0 lbs.  It modifies strength and size and 
dexterity and agility.  It provides resistance to fire and cold.  It is
not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be
stolen from your inventory.  It marks you as draconic.  When thrown, it 
does 2d4 blunt damage.  When activated, it creates a powerful bolt to 
blast your enemies with magic for 100 damage, recharging in d30+30 turns.  
When set in a trap, it blasts one target with magic for 100 damage,
recharging in d30+30 turns.  It increases your armor class by 53.  You
know everything about this item.  

Level 55, Rarity 4, 20.0 lbs, 31000 AU


The Red Dragon Scale Mail of Nielebor (-2) [30,+38]
---------------------------------------------------
This Dragon Scale Mail weighs 20.0 lbs.  It modifies intelligence, 
dexterity and agility and constitution.  It provides resistance to acid, 
fire, cold, powerful light, powerful confusion, chaos, disenchantment and 
losing experience.  It provides immunity to poison.  It protects you from 
blindness, hallucination, confusion, paralysis and magical slowness.  It
is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be
stolen from your inventory.  It marks you as demonic and draconic.  When
thrown, it does 2d4 blunt damage.  When activated, it cures you of cuts
 and stun damage, and heals you for 500 hit points, recharging in 250
turns.  When set in a trap, it heals one target for 500 hit points,
recharging in 250 turns.  It increases your armor class by 68.  You know
everything about this item.  

Level 40, Rarity 5, 20.0 lbs, 162000 AU


The Power Dragon Scale Mail of Eolvas (-2) [40,+28]
---------------------------------------------------
This Dragon Scale Mail weighs 20.0 lbs.  It modifies infravision and speed
.  It provides resistance to acid, electricity, fire, cold, poison, fear, 
powerful light, powerful darkness, powerful confusion, sound, shards, 
nexus, nether, chaos and disenchantment.  It protects you from the effects
of poison, blindness, stunning, cuts, hallucination and confusion.  It is
not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be
stolen from your inventory.  It marks you as undead and draconic.  When
thrown, it does 2d4 blunt damage.  When activated, it provides temporary 
fire, cold, acid, lightning and poison resistance, makes you go berserk
 and blesses you for 1d50+50 turns, recharging in 400 turns.  It increases
your armor class by 68.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 100, Rarity 16, 20.0 lbs, 196000 AU




Cloaks
------

The Cloak 'Colluin' [1,+15]
---------------------------
This Cloak weighs 1.0 lbs.  It provides resistance to acid, electricity, 
fire, cold and poison.  It protects you from the effects of poison.  It is
not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be
stolen from your inventory.  When activated, it provides temporary fire, 
cold, acid, lightning and poison resistance for 1d20+20 turns, recharging
in 111 turns.  It increases your armor class by 16.  You know everything
about this item.  

Level 5, Rarity 45, 1.0 lbs, 50000 AU


The Cloak 'Holcolleth' [1,+4]
-----------------------------
This Cloak weighs 1.0 lbs.  It modifies intelligence, wisdom, stealth and 
speed.  It provides resistance to acid.  It is not damaged by acid, 
electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  When activated, it surrounds you with an aura of radius 2 to 
send your enemies to sleep for 25 power, recharging in 55 turns.  It
increases your armor class by 5.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 5, Rarity 25, 1.0 lbs, 18000 AU


The Cloak of Thingol [1,+18]
----------------------------
This Cloak weighs 1.0 lbs.  It modifies dexterity and agility and charisma
.  It provides resistance to acid, fire and cold.  It protects you from 
paralysis and magical slowness.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, 
fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When
activated, it recharges one staff or wand for 100 power, recharging in 70
turns.  It increases your armor class by 19.  You know everything about
this item.  

Level 5, Rarity 50, 1.0 lbs, 35000 AU


The Cloak of Thorongil [1,+10]
------------------------------
This Cloak weighs 1.0 lbs.  It provides resistance to acid and fear.  It
protects you from paralysis and magical slowness.  It gives its wielder 
see invisible.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and 
water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  It increases your armor
class by 11.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 5, Rarity 10, 1.0 lbs, 8000 AU


The Cloak 'Colannon' [1,+15]
----------------------------
This Cloak weighs 1.0 lbs.  It modifies stealth and speed.  It provides
resistance to nexus.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold
 and water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When activated, it 
teleports you away for 125 distance on average, recharging in 45 turns.  
It increases your armor class by 16.  You know everything about this item.


Level 5, Rarity 20, 1.0 lbs, 20000 AU


The Shadow Cloak of Luthien [6,+20]
-----------------------------------
This Cloak weighs 0.5 lbs.  It modifies intelligence, wisdom, charisma, 
stealth and speed.  It provides resistance to acid, fire and cold.  It is
not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be
stolen from your inventory.  When activated, it cures you of amnesia, and 
restores your strength and size, intelligence, wisdom, dexterity and
agility, constitution and charisma, recharging in 250 turns.  It increases
your armor class by 26.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 40, Rarity 40, 0.5 lbs, 45000 AU


The Shadow Cloak of Tuor [6,+12]
--------------------------------
This Cloak weighs 0.5 lbs.  It modifies dexterity and agility and stealth.
It provides immunity to acid.  It protects you from paralysis and magical
slowness.  It gives its wielder see invisible.  It is not damaged by acid, 
electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  It increases your armor class by 18.  You know everything
about this item.  

Level 40, Rarity 40, 0.5 lbs, 35000 AU


The Shadow Cloak of Finya [6,+26]
---------------------------------
This Cloak weighs 0.5 lbs.  It modifies strength and size, wisdom, 
charisma, searching, light radius and hitpoint regeneration.  It sustains 
intelligence.  It provides resistance to acid, cold and nether.  It
provides immunity to poison.  It protects you from paralysis and magical
slowness.  It gives its wielder slow digestion and feather falling.  It is
not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be
stolen from your inventory.  It marks you as an animal.  It burdens you
with aggravation.  It increases your armor class by 32.  You know
everything about this item.  

Level 55, Rarity 5, 0.5 lbs, 213000 AU


The Shadow Cloak of Aegyth (+3) [6,+16]
---------------------------------------
This Cloak weighs 0.3 lbs.  It sustains strength and size.  It provides
resistance to acid, poison, fear and powerful confusion.  It protects you
from the effects of poison and confusion.  It is not damaged by acid, 
electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  It increases your armor class by 22.  You know everything
about this item.  

Level 40, Rarity 5, 0.3 lbs, 50000 AU


The Tabard 'Eingion' (+3) [3,+20]
---------------------------------
This Cloak weighs 6.7 lbs.  It modifies strength and size, intelligence, 
wisdom and dexterity and agility.  It provides resistance to acid, 
electricity, fire, cold and nexus.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity
, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When
thrown, it does 1d1+3 blunt damage.  When activated, it can identify the
kind, ego-item and artifact names and all bonuses on one unknown item,
recharging in 10 turns.  It increases your armor class by 23.  You know
everything about this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 36, 6.7 lbs, 88000 AU


The Shadow Cloak 'Duinorgor' [6,+17]
------------------------------------
This Cloak weighs 0.4 lbs.  It modifies dexterity and agility, 
constitution and stealth.  It sustains strength and size.  It provides
resistance to acid, fire, fear and chaos.  It protects you from 
hallucination.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and 
water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When activated, it 
returns you to the surface, or teleports you into the depths, recharging
in 200 turns.  It increases your armor class by 23.  You know everything
about this item.  

Level 40, Rarity 4, 0.4 lbs, 91000 AU


The Tabard of Celuirim [3,+17]
------------------------------
This Cloak weighs 7.5 lbs.  It modifies intelligence, constitution, 
charisma, stealth and infravision.  It provides resistance to cold and 
shards.  It protects you from cuts.  It is not damaged by acid, 
electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  It increases your
armor class by 20.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 30, Rarity 24, 7.5 lbs, 55000 AU


The Cloak of Galdang [1,+22]
----------------------------
This Cloak weighs 1.0 lbs.  It modifies strength and size, stealth and 
hitpoint regeneration.  It sustains intelligence.  It provides resistance
to powerful light, nether, chaos and disenchantment.  It protects you from
 hallucination, paralysis and magical slowness.  It is not damaged by acid
, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  It increases your armor class by 23.  You know everything
about this item.  

Level 30, Rarity 30, 1.0 lbs, 85000 AU


The Tabard of Angil [3,+16]
---------------------------
This Cloak weighs 7.5 lbs.  It modifies dexterity and agility.  It
provides resistance to fear, powerful light and powerful confusion.  It
provides immunity to poison.  It protects you from confusion, paralysis
 and magical slowness.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold
 and water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When thrown, it 
does 1d1 blunt damage.  It increases your armor class by 19.  You know
everything about this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 60, 7.5 lbs, 65000 AU


The Tabard of Brith [3,+21]
---------------------------
This Cloak weighs 7.5 lbs.  It modifies intelligence, constitution, 
stealth and hitpoint regeneration.  It provides resistance to cold, fear
 and powerful darkness.  It protects you from paralysis and magical
slowness.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  
It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It increases your armor class by 24.  You know everything about
this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 40, 7.5 lbs, 67000 AU


The Shadow Cloak of Tumhad (+2,+3) [6,+15]
------------------------------------------
This Cloak weighs 0.5 lbs.  It modifies intelligence, wisdom and charisma.
It sustains intelligence.  It provides resistance to acid, electricity, 
fire, cold, poison, fear, powerful confusion, sound and losing experience.
It protects you from the effects of poison, stunning and confusion.  It is
not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be
stolen from your inventory.  It increases your armor class by 21.  You
know everything about this item.  

Level 60, Rarity 7, 0.5 lbs, 114000 AU


The Cloak of Eloron [1,+9]
--------------------------
This Cloak weighs 1.0 lbs.  It modifies constitution and light radius.  It
gives its wielder telepathy.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire
, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  It increases
your armor class by 10.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 10, Rarity 2, 1.0 lbs, 27000 AU


The Tabard of Daegas [3,+22]
----------------------------
This Cloak weighs 7.5 lbs.  It modifies wisdom, dexterity and agility and 
constitution.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and 
water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d1
 blunt damage.  It increases your armor class by 25.  You know everything
about this item.  

Level 30, Rarity 3, 7.5 lbs, 82000 AU




Shields
-------

The Shield of Deflection of Gil-galad [10,+20]
----------------------------------------------
This Shield weighs 8.0 lbs.  It modifies wisdom, charisma, spell resistance
 and light radius.  It sustains wisdom, dexterity and agility and charisma
.  It provides resistance to electricity, powerful darkness and 
disenchantment.  It provides immunity to acid.  It is not damaged by acid, 
electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d3 blunt damage.  When activated, it 
surrounds you with a star to light up your enemies for 6d8 damage to
monsters vulnerable to light, recharging in 100 turns.  It increases your
armor class by 30.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 70, Rarity 4, 8.0 lbs, 65000 AU


The Small Metal Shield of Thorin [3,+25]
----------------------------------------
This Shield weighs 6.5 lbs.  It modifies strength and size and 
constitution.  It provides resistance to fear, sound and chaos.  It
protects you from stunning, hallucination, paralysis and magical slowness.
It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot
be stolen from your inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d2 blunt damage.  It
increases your armor class by 28.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 40, Rarity 6, 6.5 lbs, 60000 AU


The Large Leather Shield of Celegorm [4,+20]
--------------------------------------------
This Shield weighs 6.0 lbs.  It provides resistance to acid, electricity, 
fire, cold, powerful light and powerful darkness.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d2 blunt damage.  It increases your
armor class by 24.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 30, Rarity 3, 6.0 lbs, 12000 AU


The Large Metal Shield of Anarion [5,+20]
-----------------------------------------
This Shield weighs 12.0 lbs.  It sustains all stats.  It provides
resistance to acid, electricity, fire and cold.  It is not damaged by acid
, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d3 blunt damage.  It increases your
armor class by 25.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 40, Rarity 9, 12.0 lbs, 160000 AU


The Large Metal Shield of the Haradrim [4,+15]
----------------------------------------------
This Shield weighs 12.0 lbs.  It modifies strength and size and 
constitution.  It sustains strength and size and constitution.  It
provides resistance to poison and fear.  It protects you from the effects
of poison and blindness.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, 
cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  It marks you as
 a man.  It burdens you with aggravation.  When thrown, it does 1d2 blunt
 damage.  When activated, it makes you go berserk for 1d25+25 turns, and 
cures you of fear and petrification, and heals you for 30 hit points,
recharging in 50 turns.  It increases your armor class by 19.  You know
everything about this item.  

Level 35, Rarity 12, 12.0 lbs, 25000 AU


The Small Leather Shield of Winwe [2,+35]
-----------------------------------------
This Shield weighs 5.0 lbs.  It modifies wisdom, searching and hitpoint
regeneration.  It provides resistance to acid, electricity, fire, cold and 
fear.  It protects you from paralysis and magical slowness.  It is not
damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen
from your inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  It increases
your armor class by 37.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 30, Rarity 255, 5.0 lbs, 109000 AU


The Small Metal Shield of Berri [3,+26]
---------------------------------------
This Shield weighs 6.5 lbs.  It modifies strength and size, dexterity and
agility, constitution, charisma and speed.  It sustains charisma.  It
provides resistance to acid, powerful light, powerful confusion and 
disenchantment.  It protects you from confusion.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  It marks you as gigantic.  When thrown, it does 1d2 blunt
 damage.  When activated, it removes rock from one direction for 6d8 
damage to monsters made from rock, recharging in 5 turns.  It increases
your armor class by 29.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 15, Rarity 45, 6.5 lbs, 169000 AU


The Large Leather Shield of Nionwen [4,+17]
-------------------------------------------
This Shield weighs 10.0 lbs.  It provides resistance to electricity and 
poison.  It provides immunity to acid.  It protects you from the effects
of poison.  It gives its wielder slow digestion.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d2 blunt damage.  It increases your
armor class by 21.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 60, 10.0 lbs, 48000 AU


The Small Metal Shield of Arenenwen [3,+9]
------------------------------------------
This Shield weighs 6.5 lbs.  It provides resistance to acid and 
electricity.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water
.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d2 
blunt damage.  When activated, it teleports you away for 10 distance on
average, recharging in 20 turns.  It increases your armor class by 12.  
You know everything about this item.  

Level 10, Rarity 15, 6.5 lbs, 11000 AU


The Large Metal Shield of Orthar (+11) [5,+17]
----------------------------------------------
This Shield weighs 10.8 lbs.  It provides resistance to fear and powerful
darkness.  It provides immunity to poison.  It protects you from paralysis
 and magical slowness.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold
 and water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When thrown, it 
does 1d3 blunt damage.  It increases your armor class by 22.  You know
everything about this item.  

Level 30, Rarity 25, 10.8 lbs, 54000 AU


The Shield of Deflection of Uthol [10,+27]
------------------------------------------
This Shield weighs 9.0 lbs.  It modifies strength and size, intelligence, 
dexterity and agility, constitution, charisma and searching.  It sustains 
strength and size and constitution.  It provides resistance to acid, fire, 
cold, poison, powerful light, powerful darkness, sound and chaos.  It
provides immunity to electricity.  It protects you from the effects of
poison, stunning, hallucination, paralysis and magical slowness.  It gives
its wielder slow digestion and feather falling.  It is not damaged by acid
, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  It marks you as demonic.  It burdens you with aggravation.  
When thrown, it does 1d3 blunt damage.  When activated, it surrounds you
with a star to light up your enemies for 6d8 damage to monsters vulnerable
to light, recharging in 100 turns.  It increases your armor class by 37.  
You know everything about this item.  

Level 70, Rarity 4, 9.0 lbs, 158000 AU




Helms/Crowns
------------

The Metal Cap of Celebrimbor [3,+18]
------------------------------------
This Helm weighs 2.0 lbs.  It modifies intelligence, dexterity and agility
, charisma, magical devices and searching.  It provides resistance to acid
, fire, shards and disenchantment.  It protects you from cuts.  It is not
damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen
from your inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  It increases
your armor class by 21.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 55, Rarity 12, 2.0 lbs, 45000 AU


The Hard Leather Cap of Thranduil [2,+10]
-----------------------------------------
This Helm weighs 1.5 lbs.  It modifies intelligence and wisdom.  It
protects you from blindness.  It gives its wielder telepathy.  It is not
damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen
from your inventory.  It increases your armor class by 12.  You know
everything about this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 2, 1.5 lbs, 50000 AU


The Metal Cap of Thengel [3,+12]
--------------------------------
This Helm weighs 2.0 lbs.  It modifies wisdom and charisma.  It provides
resistance to powerful confusion.  It protects you from confusion.  It is
not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be
stolen from your inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  It
increases your armor class by 15.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 10, Rarity 2, 2.0 lbs, 22000 AU


The Steel Helm of Hammerhand [6,+20]
------------------------------------
This Helm weighs 6.0 lbs.  It modifies strength and size, dexterity and
agility, constitution and spell resistance.  It sustains strength and size
, dexterity and agility and constitution.  It provides resistance to acid, 
cold, powerful darkness and nexus.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity
, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  It
burdens you with aggravation.  When thrown, it does 1d3 blunt damage.  It
increases your armor class by 26.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 8, 6.0 lbs, 45000 AU


The Iron Helm of Dor-Lomin [5,+20]
----------------------------------
This Helm weighs 7.5 lbs.  It modifies strength and size, dexterity and
agility, constitution and light radius.  It provides resistance to acid, 
electricity, fire, cold and fear.  It gives its wielder telepathy and see
invisible.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  
It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d3 blunt
 damage.  It increases your armor class by 25.  You know everything about
this item.  

Level 40, Rarity 20, 7.5 lbs, 300000 AU


The Iron Helm 'Holhenneth' [5,+10]
----------------------------------
This Helm weighs 7.5 lbs.  It modifies intelligence, wisdom and searching.
It provides resistance to powerful confusion.  It protects you from 
blindness and confusion.  It gives its wielder see invisible.  It is not
damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen
from your inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d3 blunt damage.  When
activated, it detects all doors, traps, stairs, running water, gold,
including hidden treasures, objects, including hidden objects, visible
monsters, evil monsters and living monsters within 40 grids, recharging in
d55+55 turns.  It increases your armor class by 15.  You know everything
about this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 5, 7.5 lbs, 100000 AU


The Iron Helm of Gorlim [5,+10]
-------------------------------
This Helm weighs 7.5 lbs.  It modifies intelligence, wisdom, magical
devices and searching.  It provides resistance to fear.  It protects you
from paralysis and magical slowness.  It gives its wielder see invisible.  
It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot
be stolen from your inventory.  It burdens you with aggravation.  It is
heavily cursed.  When thrown, it does 1d3 blunt damage.  It increases your
armor class by 15.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 5, 7.5 lbs, 1 AU


The Metal Cap of Umbor [3,+17]
------------------------------
This Helm weighs 2.0 lbs.  It protects you from blindness.  It gives its
wielder telepathy.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and 
water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d1
 blunt damage.  It increases your armor class by 20.  You know everything
about this item.  

Level 10, Rarity 4, 2.0 lbs, 39000 AU


The Metal Cap of Elpion (+8) [3,+8]
-----------------------------------
This Helm weighs 2.0 lbs.  It provides resistance to acid, electricity, 
fire and powerful darkness.  It protects you from paralysis and magical
slowness.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  
It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  It burdens you with aggravation.
When thrown, it does 1d1+8 blunt damage.  It increases your armor class by
11.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 16, 2.0 lbs, 36000 AU


The Iron Helm 'Arant' [5,+14]
-----------------------------
This Helm weighs 7.5 lbs.  It modifies constitution and light radius.  It
protects you from paralysis and magical slowness.  It gives its wielder 
see invisible.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and 
water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d3
 blunt damage.  When activated, it creates a storm of radius 3 to freeze 
your enemies for 120 damage, recharging in 35 turns.  It increases your
armor class by 19.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 15, Rarity 45, 7.5 lbs, 84000 AU


The Metal Cap of Finas (+5) [3,+20]
-----------------------------------
This Helm weighs 2.0 lbs.  It modifies strength and size, intelligence and 
wisdom.  It provides resistance to acid, electricity, fire, cold and fear.
It gives its wielder slow digestion and telepathy.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When activated, it 
creates a ball of radius 2 to burn your enemies for 80 damage, recharging
in 40 turns.  It increases your armor class by 23.  You know everything
about this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 80, 2.0 lbs, 98000 AU


The Iron Helm 'Faugroth' (-4) [5,-19]
-------------------------------------
This Helm weighs 7.5 lbs.  It modifies dexterity and agility.  It protects
you from involuntary teleporation.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity
, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  It
burdens you with hunger, inability to teleport and inability to use ranged
weapons.  It is heavily cursed.  When thrown, it does 1d3 blunt damage.  
It decreases your armor class by 14.  You know everything about this item.


Level 10, Rarity 20, 7.5 lbs, 0 AU


The Iron Helm of Duned [5,+22]
------------------------------
This Helm weighs 7.5 lbs.  It modifies strength and size, wisdom and 
searching.  It provides resistance to electricity, fire, cold and powerful
light.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It
cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d3 blunt
 damage.  It increases your armor class by 27.  You know everything about
this item.  

Level 40, Rarity 9, 7.5 lbs, 57000 AU


The Steel Helm 'Gulos' [6,+10]
------------------------------
This Helm weighs 5.4 lbs.  It modifies intelligence, wisdom, constitution
 and hitpoint regeneration.  It sustains wisdom.  It provides resistance to
 electricity, fire, fear, powerful light and powerful darkness.  It
protects you from paralysis and magical slowness.  It gives its wielder 
see invisible.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and 
water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d3
 blunt damage.  When activated, it removes doors from all enemies adjacent
to you, recharging in 10 turns.  It increases your armor class by 16.  You
know everything about this item.  

Level 25, Rarity 9, 5.4 lbs, 57000 AU


The Massive Iron Crown of Morgoth [0,+0]
----------------------------------------
This Crown weighs 2.0 lbs.  It modifies all stats, infravision and light
radius.  It provides resistance to acid, electricity, fire, cold, poison, 
fear, powerful light, powerful darkness, powerful confusion, nexus and 
nether.  It protects you from the effects of poison and confusion.  It
gives its wielder telepathy and see invisible.  It is not damaged by acid, 
electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  It is permanently cursed.  When thrown, it does 1d5 blunt
 damage.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 100, Rarity 1, 2.0 lbs, 10000000 AU


The Iron Crown of Beruthiel [0,+20]
-----------------------------------
This Crown weighs 2.0 lbs.  It modifies strength and size, dexterity and
agility and constitution.  It protects you from paralysis and magical
slowness.  It gives its wielder telepathy and see invisible.  It is not
damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen
from your inventory.  It is heavily cursed.  When thrown, it does 1d2 
blunt damage.  It increases your armor class by 20.  You know everything
about this item.  

Level 40, Rarity 12, 2.0 lbs, 1 AU


The Golden Crown of Gondor [0,+15]
----------------------------------
This Crown weighs 3.0 lbs.  It modifies strength and size, wisdom, 
constitution, speed, light radius and mana regeneration.  It provides
resistance to fire, cold, powerful light, powerful confusion, sound and 
chaos.  It protects you from blindness, stunning, hallucination and 
confusion.  It gives its wielder see invisible.  It is not damaged by acid
, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  It marks you as a man.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.
When activated, it cures you of cuts and stun damage, and heals you for
500 hit points, recharging in 250 turns.  It increases your armor class by
15.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 40, Rarity 40, 3.0 lbs, 100000 AU


The Jewel Encrusted Crown of Numenor [0,+18]
--------------------------------------------
This Crown weighs 4.0 lbs.  It modifies intelligence, dexterity and agility
, charisma, spell resistance, searching, speed and light radius.  It
provides resistance to cold, powerful light, powerful darkness, sound and 
shards.  It protects you from blindness, stunning, cuts, paralysis and 
magical slowness.  It gives its wielder see invisible.  It senses undead.  
It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot
be stolen from your inventory.  It marks you as a man.  When thrown, it 
does 1d1 blunt damage.  It increases your armor class by 18.  You know
everything about this item.  

Level 60, Rarity 30, 4.0 lbs, 50000 AU


The Jewel Encrusted Crown 'Sulir' [0,+28]
-----------------------------------------
This Crown weighs 4.0 lbs.  It modifies intelligence, wisdom, dexterity
and agility, searching and hitpoint regeneration.  It provides resistance
to fear, powerful darkness, nexus and chaos.  It protects you from 
hallucination.  It gives its wielder feather falling and telepathy.  It is
not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be
stolen from your inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
activated, it removes rock from one direction for 6d8 damage to monsters
made from rock, recharging in 2 turns.  It increases your armor class by
28.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 60, Rarity 32, 4.0 lbs, 111000 AU


The Jewel Encrusted Crown 'Belen' (+3) [0,+13]
----------------------------------------------
This Crown weighs 4.0 lbs.  It modifies searching and light radius.  It
provides resistance to powerful darkness.  It protects you from blindness.
It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot
be stolen from your inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d1+3 blunt damage.  
When activated, it creates an arrow to attack one target for 150 damage,
recharging in d20+20 turns.  It increases your armor class by 13.  You
know everything about this item.  

Level 60, Rarity 20, 4.0 lbs, 37000 AU


The Iron Crown of Bring (+5) [0,+16]
------------------------------------
This Crown weighs 2.0 lbs.  It modifies wisdom and speed.  It provides
immunity to poison.  It protects you from blindness.  It gives its wielder
 see invisible.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and 
water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d1
+5 blunt damage.  It increases your armor class by 16.  You know
everything about this item.  

Level 30, Rarity 60, 2.0 lbs, 67000 AU


The Iron Crown of Marandos [0,+10]
----------------------------------
This Crown weighs 2.0 lbs.  It modifies strength and size, intelligence, 
wisdom and charisma.  It provides resistance to acid and powerful light.  
It protects you from blindness, paralysis and magical slowness.  It gives
its wielder see invisible.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, 
cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When thrown, it 
does 1d1 blunt damage.  It increases your armor class by 10.  You know
everything about this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 8, 2.0 lbs, 68000 AU


The Jewel Encrusted Crown 'Estann' [0,+21]
------------------------------------------
This Crown weighs 4.0 lbs.  It modifies wisdom and dexterity and agility.  
It provides resistance to disenchantment.  It protects you from paralysis
 and magical slowness.  It gives its wielder slow digestion.  It is not
damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen
from your inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  It increases
your armor class by 21.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 55, Rarity 12, 4.0 lbs, 53000 AU


The Golden Crown 'Arebras' [0,+11]
----------------------------------
This Crown weighs 3.0 lbs.  It modifies wisdom.  It protects you from 
blindness.  It gives its wielder telepathy.  It is not damaged by acid, 
electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  It increases your
armor class by 11.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 3, 3.0 lbs, 41000 AU


The Iron Crown 'Hilir' [0,+11]
------------------------------
This Crown weighs 2.0 lbs.  It modifies wisdom and speed.  It sustains 
wisdom.  It provides resistance to powerful darkness.  It protects you from
 blindness.  It gives its wielder see invisible.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When activated, it 
teleports you away for 10 distance on average, recharging in 2 turns.  It
increases your armor class by 11.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 40, Rarity 12, 2.0 lbs, 48000 AU




Gloves
------

The Set of Gauntlets of Eol (-5,-5) [3,+15]
-------------------------------------------
This set of Gloves weighs 2.5 lbs.  It modifies intelligence and magical
devices.  It provides resistance to electricity, poison and powerful
darkness.  It protects you from the effects of poison, paralysis and 
magical slowness.  It gives its wielder feather falling.  It is not
damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen
from your inventory.  It burdens you with aggravation.  When thrown, it 
does 1d1-5 blunt damage.  When activated, it creates a powerful bolt to 
blast your enemies with magic for 100 damage, recharging in d30+30 turns.  
It increases your armor class by 18.  You know everything about this item.


Level 55, Rarity 35, 2.5 lbs, 40000 AU


The Set of Leather Gloves 'Cambeleg' (+8,+8) [1,+15]
----------------------------------------------------
This set of Gloves weighs 0.5 lbs.  It modifies strength and size and 
constitution.  It protects you from paralysis and magical slowness.  It is
not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be
stolen from your inventory.  It increases your armor class by 16.  You
know everything about this item.  

Level 10, Rarity 6, 0.5 lbs, 36000 AU


The Set of Leather Gloves 'Cammithrim' [1,+10]
----------------------------------------------
This set of Gloves weighs 0.5 lbs.  It sustains constitution.  It provides
resistance to powerful light.  It protects you from paralysis and magical
slowness.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  
It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When activated, it creates a
missile to blast your enemies with magic for 3d4 damage, recharging in 2
turns.  It increases your armor class by 11.  You know everything about
this item.  

Level 10, Rarity 3, 0.5 lbs, 30000 AU


The Set of Gauntlets 'Paurhach' [2,+15]
---------------------------------------
This set of Gloves weighs 2.5 lbs.  It provides resistance to fire.  It is
not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be
stolen from your inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
activated, it creates a powerful bolt to burn your enemies for 6d12 damage
, and creates a powerful bolt to burn your enemies for 6d12 damage,
recharging in d8+8 turns.  It increases your armor class by 17.  You know
everything about this item.  

Level 10, Rarity 5, 2.5 lbs, 15000 AU


The Set of Gauntlets 'Paurnimmen' [2,+15]
-----------------------------------------
This set of Gloves weighs 2.5 lbs.  It provides resistance to cold.  It is
not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be
stolen from your inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
activated, it creates a bolt to freeze your enemies for 5d12 damage, and 
creates a bolt to freeze your enemies for 5d12 damage, recharging in d7+7
turns.  It increases your armor class by 17.  You know everything about
this item.  

Level 10, Rarity 5, 2.5 lbs, 13000 AU


The Set of Gauntlets 'Pauraegen' [2,+15]
----------------------------------------
This set of Gloves weighs 2.5 lbs.  It provides resistance to electricity.
It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot
be stolen from your inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  
When activated, it creates a beam to electrify your enemies for 3d9 damage
, and creates a beam to electrify your enemies for 3d9 damage, recharging
in d6+6 turns.  It increases your armor class by 17.  You know everything
about this item.  

Level 10, Rarity 5, 2.5 lbs, 11000 AU


The Set of Gauntlets 'Paurnen' [2,+15]
--------------------------------------
This set of Gloves weighs 2.5 lbs.  It provides resistance to acid.  It is
not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be
stolen from your inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
activated, it creates a powerful bolt to dissolve your enemies for 8d12 
damage, and creates a powerful bolt to dissolve your enemies for 8d12 
damage, recharging in d5+5 turns.  It increases your armor class by 17.  
You know everything about this item.  

Level 10, Rarity 5, 2.5 lbs, 12000 AU


The Set of Gauntlets 'Camlost' (-12,-12) [2,+0]
-----------------------------------------------
This set of Gloves weighs 2.5 lbs.  It modifies strength and size and 
dexterity and agility.  It provides resistance to fire and disenchantment.
It protects you from paralysis and magical slowness.  It is not damaged by
 acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  It burdens you with aggravation, mana drain and experience
drain.  It is heavily cursed.  When thrown, it does 1d1-12 blunt damage.  
It increases your armor class by 2.  You know everything about this item.  


Level 10, Rarity 20, 2.5 lbs, 0 AU


The Set of Cesti of Fingolfin (+10,+10) [5,+20]
-----------------------------------------------
This set of Gloves weighs 4.0 lbs.  It modifies dexterity and agility.  It
provides resistance to acid.  It protects you from paralysis and magical
slowness.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  
It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d2+10 
blunt damage.  When activated, it creates an arrow to attack one target
 for 150 damage, recharging in d30+30 turns.  It increases your armor
class by 25.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 40, Rarity 15, 4.0 lbs, 110000 AU


The Set of Cesti of Rufin [5,+24]
---------------------------------
This set of Gloves weighs 4.0 lbs.  It modifies charisma.  It provides
resistance to sound.  It protects you from stunning.  It is not damaged by
 acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d2 blunt damage.  It increases your
armor class by 29.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 30, Rarity 20, 4.0 lbs, 37000 AU


The Set of Gauntlets of Amant [2,+13]
-------------------------------------
This set of Gloves weighs 2.5 lbs.  It provides resistance to electricity, 
fire, cold and nether.  It protects you from paralysis and magical slowness
.  It gives its wielder telepathy.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity
, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When
thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  It increases your armor class by 15.  
You know everything about this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 69, 2.5 lbs, 60000 AU


The Set of Cesti of Aelduini [5,+9]
-----------------------------------
This set of Gloves weighs 4.0 lbs.  It modifies dexterity and agility.  It
provides resistance to fire.  It protects you from paralysis and magical
slowness.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  
It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d2 blunt
 damage.  It increases your armor class by 14.  You know everything about
this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 24, 4.0 lbs, 31000 AU


The Set of Leather Gloves of Nordhelos [1,-20]
----------------------------------------------
This set of Gloves weighs 0.5 lbs.  It modifies infravision.  It provides
resistance to powerful light.  It makes you vulnerable to acid.  It is not
damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen
from your inventory.  It burdens you with experience drain and inability
to use ranged weapons.  It is heavily cursed.  It decreases your armor
class by 19.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 30, Rarity 30, 0.5 lbs, 0 AU


The Set of Gauntlets of Baragor [2,+22]
---------------------------------------
This set of Gloves weighs 2.5 lbs.  It modifies strength and size, 
intelligence, dexterity and agility and charisma.  It provides resistance
to electricity, cold and disenchantment.  It protects you from blindness, 
paralysis and magical slowness.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, 
fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When
thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When activated, it cures you of poison, 
fear and petrification, recharging in 5 turns.  It increases your armor
class by 24.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 10, Rarity 25, 2.5 lbs, 82000 AU


The Set of Cesti 'Amorilya' [5,+12]
-----------------------------------
This set of Gloves weighs 4.0 lbs.  It modifies strength and size, 
constitution and charisma.  It provides resistance to fire, fear, powerful
light and powerful darkness.  It protects you from paralysis and magical
slowness.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  
It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d2 blunt
 damage.  When activated, it creates an arrow to attack one target for 150 
damage, recharging in d30+30 turns.  It increases your armor class by 17.  
You know everything about this item.  

Level 40, Rarity 15, 4.0 lbs, 67000 AU


The Set of Gauntlets of Ninethros [2,+8]
----------------------------------------
This set of Gloves weighs 2.2 lbs.  It modifies constitution.  It provides
resistance to fear and nether.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, 
fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When
thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When activated, it creates a powerful
bolt to burn your enemies for 6d12 damage, and creates a powerful bolt to 
burn your enemies for 6d12 damage, recharging in d8+8 turns.  It increases
your armor class by 10.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 10, Rarity 5, 2.2 lbs, 16000 AU


The Set of Leather Gloves of Thros (+4) [1,+10]
-----------------------------------------------
This set of Gloves weighs 0.5 lbs.  It modifies wisdom and charisma.  It
provides resistance to electricity and powerful confusion.  It protects
you from confusion.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold
 and water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When activated, it 
teleports you away for 125 distance on average, recharging in 45 turns.  
It increases your armor class by 11.  You know everything about this item.


Level 5, Rarity 20, 0.5 lbs, 41000 AU


The Set of Gauntlets 'Cirmen' [2,-13]
-------------------------------------
This set of Gloves weighs 2.5 lbs.  It provides resistance to acid.  It
makes you vulnerable to water.  It senses dragons.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  It burdens you with random teleportation.  It is heavily
cursed.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  It decreases your armor
class by 11.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 5, 2.5 lbs, 0 AU


The Set of Gauntlets of Maelor [2,+22]
--------------------------------------
This set of Gloves weighs 2.5 lbs.  It sustains charisma.  It protects you
from blindness, paralysis and magical slowness.  It is not damaged by acid
, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When activated, it 
detects all doors, traps, stairs, running water, gold, including hidden
treasures, objects, including hidden objects, visible monsters, evil
monsters and living monsters within 40 grids, recharging in d55+55 turns.  
It increases your armor class by 24.  You know everything about this item.


Level 20, Rarity 5, 2.5 lbs, 39000 AU


The Set of Cesti of Endin [5,+21]
---------------------------------
This set of Gloves weighs 4.0 lbs.  It modifies intelligence and stealth.  
It sustains intelligence.  It provides resistance to electricity, fear, 
powerful darkness and nether.  It provides immunity to fire.  It protects
you from paralysis and magical slowness.  It is not damaged by acid, 
electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d2 blunt damage.  It increases your
armor class by 26.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 40, Rarity 6, 4.0 lbs, 91000 AU


The Set of Cesti of Ratholos (+5) [5,+23]
-----------------------------------------
This set of Gloves weighs 4.0 lbs.  It modifies intelligence, dexterity
and agility and speed.  It provides resistance to acid and disenchantment.
It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot
be stolen from your inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d2 blunt damage.  
When activated, it allows you to remove a monster type from a level (1d4
damage per monster), recharging in 500 turns.  It increases your armor
class by 28.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 40, Rarity 12, 4.0 lbs, 90000 AU


The Set of Cesti of Narth (+4) [5,+14]
--------------------------------------
This set of Gloves weighs 4.0 lbs.  It modifies dexterity and agility.  It
provides resistance to poison, powerful light, powerful darkness and 
nether.  It protects you from the effects of poison.  It is not damaged by
 acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d2+4 blunt damage.  When activated, it 
surrounds you with a star to electrify your enemies for 150 damage,
recharging in 50 turns.  It increases your armor class by 19.  You know
everything about this item.  

Level 95, Rarity 192, 4.0 lbs, 87000 AU




Boots
-----

The Pair of Hard Leather Boots of Feanor [3,+20]
------------------------------------------------
This set of Boots weighs 4.0 lbs.  It modifies speed.  It provides
resistance to nexus.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold
 and water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When thrown, it 
does 1d3 blunt damage.  When activated, it hastes you for 1d20+20 turns,
recharging in 200 turns.  It increases your armor class by 23.  You know
everything about this item.  

Level 40, Rarity 120, 4.0 lbs, 300000 AU


The Pair of Soft Leather Boots 'Dal-i-thalion' [2,+15]
------------------------------------------------------
This set of Boots weighs 2.0 lbs.  It modifies dexterity and agility.  It
sustains constitution.  It provides resistance to powerful confusion, 
nether and chaos.  It protects you from hallucination, confusion, 
paralysis and magical slowness.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, 
fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When
thrown, it does 1d2 blunt damage.  When activated, it cures you of poison, 
fear and petrification, recharging in 5 turns.  It increases your armor
class by 17.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 10, Rarity 25, 2.0 lbs, 40000 AU


The Pair of Metal Shod Boots of Thror [6,+20]
---------------------------------------------
This set of Boots weighs 8.0 lbs.  It modifies strength and size, 
constitution and speed.  It provides resistance to fear.  It is not
damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen
from your inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d4 blunt damage.  It increases
your armor class by 26.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 30, Rarity 25, 8.0 lbs, 12000 AU


The Pair of Soft Leather Boots of Wormtongue (-5,-5) [2,+0]
-----------------------------------------------------------
This set of Boots weighs 2.0 lbs.  It modifies intelligence, dexterity and
agility, spell resistance and stealth.  It gives its wielder feather
falling.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  
It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d2-5 blunt
 damage.  When activated, it teleports you away for 10 distance on average
, recharging in 20 turns.  It increases your armor class by 2.  You know
everything about this item.  

Level 10, Rarity 15, 2.0 lbs, 17000 AU


The Pair of Hard Leather Boots of Nienya [3,+26]
------------------------------------------------
This set of Boots weighs 4.0 lbs.  It modifies strength and size, 
intelligence, stealth, infravision and light radius.  It provides
resistance to acid, electricity, fire, poison and shards.  It protects you
from the effects of poison, blindness and cuts.  It gives its wielder slow
digestion and see invisible.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire
, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  It marks you
as dwarven.  When thrown, it does 1d3 blunt damage.  When activated, it 
dispels all your enemies in line of sight if evil for 250 damage,
recharging in d100+100 turns.  It increases your armor class by 29.  You
know everything about this item.  

Level 65, Rarity 200, 4.0 lbs, 154000 AU


The Pair of Metal Shod Boots 'Dolvaland' [6,+16]
------------------------------------------------
This set of Boots weighs 7.2 lbs.  It modifies intelligence, stealth and 
hitpoint regeneration.  It provides resistance to fear and sound.  It
protects you from stunning.  It gives its wielder feather falling.  It is
not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be
stolen from your inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d4 blunt damage.  When
activated, it can enchant one missile to become branded, recharging in 999
turns.  It increases your armor class by 22.  You know everything about
this item.  

Level 50, Rarity 25, 7.2 lbs, 38000 AU


The Pair of Metal Shod Boots of Gorote (+6) [6,+31]
---------------------------------------------------
This set of Boots weighs 7.2 lbs.  It modifies intelligence, light radius
 and mana regeneration.  It provides resistance to poison and powerful
light.  It provides immunity to electricity.  It protects you from the
effects of poison, paralysis and magical slowness.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d4 blunt damage.  When activated, it 
drains life from one target for 125 damage, recharging in 40 turns.  It
increases your armor class by 37.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 30, 7.2 lbs, 100000 AU


The Pair of Hard Leather Boots 'Baudh' [3,+16]
----------------------------------------------
This set of Boots weighs 4.0 lbs.  It modifies wisdom, speed and light
radius.  It provides resistance to electricity, fire, powerful darkness
 and chaos.  It protects you from hallucination.  It gives its wielder 
feather falling.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and 
water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  It burdens you with 
aggravation.  When thrown, it does 1d3 blunt damage.  When activated, it 
affects all your enemies in line of sight, recharging in 20 turns.  It
increases your armor class by 19.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 30, Rarity 210, 4.0 lbs, 79000 AU


The Pair of Metal Shod Boots of Thorn [6,+29]
---------------------------------------------
This set of Boots weighs 8.0 lbs.  It modifies strength and size, 
intelligence, dexterity and agility, constitution, charisma, speed and 
hitpoint regeneration.  It sustains intelligence and wisdom.  It provides
resistance to acid, electricity, fire, cold and poison.  It protects you
from the effects of poison, paralysis and magical slowness.  It gives its
wielder feather falling.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, 
cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When thrown, it 
does 1d4 blunt damage.  When activated, it teleports one direction away
 for 25 distance on average, recharging in 50 turns.  It increases your
armor class by 35.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 30, Rarity 255, 8.0 lbs, 146000 AU


The Pair of Hard Leather Boots 'Gelumin' (+4) [3,+25]
-----------------------------------------------------
This set of Boots weighs 4.0 lbs.  It modifies wisdom and dexterity and
agility.  It sustains dexterity and agility.  It provides resistance to 
acid.  It provides immunity to fire.  It gives its wielder feather falling
.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It
cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d3+4 blunt
 damage.  It increases your armor class by 28.  You know everything about
this item.  

Level 70, Rarity 200, 4.0 lbs, 90000 AU


The Pair of Metal Shod Boots of Lamenyar [6,+17]
------------------------------------------------
This set of Boots weighs 7.2 lbs.  It modifies constitution and stealth.  
It sustains intelligence.  It provides resistance to fire, fear, powerful
light, nexus, nether, chaos and disenchantment.  It protects you from 
hallucination, paralysis and magical slowness.  It is not damaged by acid, 
electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d4 blunt damage.  It increases your
armor class by 23.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 45, 7.2 lbs, 82000 AU


The Pair of Hard Leather Boots 'Neleg' [3,+17]
----------------------------------------------
This set of Boots weighs 4.0 lbs.  It provides immunity to electricity.  
It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot
be stolen from your inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d3 blunt damage.  It
increases your armor class by 20.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 40, 4.0 lbs, 35000 AU


The Pair of Metal Shod Boots of Atheldor (+6) [6,+19]
-----------------------------------------------------
This set of Boots weighs 7.2 lbs.  It modifies strength and size, charisma
 and stealth.  It sustains strength and size.  It provides resistance to 
cold and powerful light.  It gives its wielder slow digestion and feather
falling.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  
It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d4 blunt
 damage.  It increases your armor class by 25.  You know everything about
this item.  

Level 20, Rarity 160, 7.2 lbs, 60000 AU


The Pair of Hard Leather Boots of Thith [3,+11]
-----------------------------------------------
This set of Boots weighs 4.0 lbs.  It modifies constitution.  It provides
resistance to electricity, powerful darkness and powerful confusion.  It
protects you from confusion.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire
, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When thrown,
it does 1d3 blunt damage.  It increases your armor class by 14.  You know
everything about this item.  

Level 10, Rarity 6, 4.0 lbs, 49000 AU


The Pair of Metal Shod Boots of Harel [6,+16]
---------------------------------------------
This set of Boots weighs 8.0 lbs.  It modifies intelligence, stealth, 
infravision and speed.  It sustains intelligence.  It provides resistance
to nexus.  It protects you from blindness, paralysis and magical slowness.
It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot
be stolen from your inventory.  When thrown, it does 1d4 blunt damage.  
When activated, it cures you of cuts and stun damage, and heals you for
1000 hit points, recharging in 444 turns.  It increases your armor class
by 22.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 75, Rarity 72, 8.0 lbs, 83000 AU




Light Sources
-------------

The Phial of Galadriel
----------------------
This Lite weighs 1.0 lbs.  You can wield this as a source of light.  It
provides resistance to disease.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, 
fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When
activated, it lights up the room you are in, and surrounds you with magic
 of radius 1 to light up for 25 damage to monsters vulnerable to light,
recharging in d10+10 turns.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage and 
lights up one target for 25 damage to monsters vulnerable to light,
recharging in d10+10 turns.  When set in a trap, it lights up one target
 for 25 damage to monsters vulnerable to light, recharging in d10+10
turns.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 25, Rarity 5, 1.0 lbs, 10000 AU


The Star of Elendil
-------------------
This Lite weighs 0.5 lbs.  You can wield this as a source of light.  It
gives its wielder see invisible.  It senses demons.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  When activated, it maps your surroundings, recharging in
d50+50 turns.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage, recharging in d50+50
turns.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 30, Rarity 25, 0.5 lbs, 30000 AU


The Arkenstone of Thrain
------------------------
This Lite weighs 0.5 lbs.  You can wield this as a source of light.  It
provides resistance to powerful light, powerful darkness and losing
experience.  It gives its wielder see invisible.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  When activated, it detects all doors, traps, stairs, running
water, gold, including hidden treasures, objects, including hidden objects
, visible monsters, evil monsters and living monsters within 40 grids,
recharging in d30+30 turns.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage,
recharging in d30+30 turns.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 50, Rarity 50, 0.5 lbs, 50000 AU


The Palantir of Westernesse
---------------------------
This Lite weighs 20.0 lbs.  You can wield this as a source of light.  It
modifies intelligence, wisdom, searching and infravision.  It provides
resistance to chaos.  It protects you from blindness and hallucination.  
It gives its wielder telepathy and see invisible.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  It burdens you with aggravation, health drain and experience
drain.  When activated, it lights up and maps the entire level, recharging
in d50+50 turns.  When thrown, it does 10d10 blunt damage, recharging in
d50+50 turns.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 75, Rarity 60, 20.0 lbs, 100000 AU




Amulets
-------

The Amulet of Carlammas
-----------------------
This Amulet weighs 0.3 lbs.  It modifies constitution and spell resistance
.  It provides resistance to fire.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity
, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When
activated, it protects your from evil monsters for 1d25 turns, recharging
in d225+225 turns.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 50, Rarity 10, 0.3 lbs, 60000 AU


The Amulet of Ingwe
-------------------
This Amulet weighs 0.3 lbs.  It modifies intelligence, wisdom, charisma
 and infravision.  It provides resistance to acid, electricity and cold.  
It protects you from paralysis and magical slowness.  It gives its wielder
 see invisible.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and 
water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When activated, it 
dispels all your enemies in line of sight if evil for 250 damage,
recharging in d50+50 turns.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 65, Rarity 30, 0.3 lbs, 90000 AU


The Necklace of the Dwarves
---------------------------
This Amulet weighs 0.3 lbs.  It modifies strength and size, constitution, 
spell resistance, infravision, light radius and hitpoint regeneration.  It
provides resistance to fear.  It protects you from paralysis and magical
slowness.  It gives its wielder see invisible.  It is not damaged by acid, 
electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  It marks you as dwarven.  You know everything about this item.


Level 70, Rarity 50, 0.3 lbs, 75000 AU


The Elfstone 'Elessar' (+7,+7) [+10]
------------------------------------
This Amulet weighs 0.3 lbs.  It modifies strength and size, wisdom, 
charisma and speed.  It provides resistance to fire, poison, fear and 
disease.  It protects you from the effects of poison.  It is not damaged by
 acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  It marks you as elven.  When activated, it cures you of cuts
 and stun damage, and heals you for 500 hit points, recharging in 200
turns.  It increases your armor class by 10.  You know everything about
this item.  

Level 60, Rarity 60, 0.3 lbs, 40000 AU


The Jewel 'Evenstar'
--------------------
This Amulet weighs 0.3 lbs.  It sustains intelligence, wisdom and 
constitution.  It provides resistance to cold, powerful darkness and 
losing experience.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and 
water.  It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When activated, it cures
you of amnesia, and restores your strength and size, intelligence, wisdom, 
dexterity and agility, constitution and charisma, recharging in 150 turns.
You know everything about this item.  

Level 40, Rarity 40, 0.3 lbs, 25000 AU




Rings
-----

The Ring of Barahir
-------------------
This Ring weighs 0.2 lbs.  It modifies all stats, spell resistance, 
magical devices and stealth.  It provides resistance to poison and 
powerful darkness.  It protects you from the effects of poison.  It is not
damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen
from your inventory.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 50, Rarity 25, 0.2 lbs, 65000 AU


The Ring of Tulkas
------------------
This Ring weighs 0.2 lbs.  It modifies strength and size, dexterity and
agility, constitution and spell resistance.  It provides resistance to 
fear.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It
cannot be stolen from your inventory.  When activated, it hastes you for
1d75+75 turns, recharging in d150+150 turns.  You know everything about
this item.  

Level 70, Rarity 50, 0.2 lbs, 150000 AU


The Ring of Power 'Narya' (+6,+6)
---------------------------------
This Ring weighs 0.2 lbs.  It modifies all stats, speed and mana
regeneration.  It sustains strength and size, wisdom, constitution and 
charisma.  It provides resistance to fear and nether.  It provides
immunity to fire.  It protects you from paralysis and magical slowness.  
It gives its wielder slow digestion and see invisible.  It is not damaged
by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  It marks you as elven.  When activated, it creates a storm of 
radius 3 to burn your enemies for 145 damage, recharging in d20+20 turns.  
You know everything about this item.  

Level 70, Rarity 60, 0.2 lbs, 100000 AU


The Ring of Power 'Nenya' (+8,+8)
---------------------------------
This Ring weighs 0.2 lbs.  It modifies all stats, speed and mana
regeneration.  It sustains intelligence, wisdom and charisma.  It provides
resistance to losing experience.  It provides immunity to cold.  It
protects you from blindness, paralysis and magical slowness.  It gives its
wielder feather falling, telepathy and see invisible.  It is not damaged by
 acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen from your
inventory.  It marks you as elven.  When activated, it creates a storm of 
radius 3 to freeze your enemies for 200 damage, recharging in d20+20
turns.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 80, Rarity 70, 0.2 lbs, 200000 AU


The Ring of Power 'Vilya' (+10,+10)
-----------------------------------
This Ring weighs 0.2 lbs.  It modifies all stats, speed and mana
regeneration.  It sustains strength and size, dexterity and agility and 
constitution.  It provides resistance to poison, disenchantment and losing
experience.  It provides immunity to electricity.  It protects you from 
the effects of poison, paralysis and magical slowness.  It gives its
wielder slow digestion, feather falling and see invisible.  It is not
damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It cannot be stolen
from your inventory.  It marks you as elven.  When activated, it creates a
storm of radius 3 to electrify your enemies for 250 damage, recharging in
d20+20 turns.  You know everything about this item.  

Level 90, Rarity 80, 0.2 lbs, 300000 AU


The Ring of Power (The One Ring) (+15,+15)
------------------------------------------
This Ring weighs 0.2 lbs.  It modifies all stats, speed, hitpoint
regeneration and mana regeneration.  It sustains all stats.  It provides
resistance to poison, fear, nether and disenchantment.  It provides
immunity to acid, electricity, fire and cold.  It protects you from the
effects of poison and blindness.  It gives its wielder telepathy and see
invisible.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  
It cannot be stolen from your inventory.  It burdens you with aggravation
 and experience drain.  It is permanently cursed.  You know everything
about this item.  

Level 100, Rarity 100, 0.2 lbs, 5000000 AU


