Artifact Spoilers for UnAngband Version 0.5.1d
----------------------------------------------


Edged Weapons
-------------

The Main Gauche of Maedhros (2d5) (+12,+15)
    +3 to INT, DEX, Speed
    Slay Troll, Giant
    Sense Trolls; Sense Giants; See Invisible; Free Action
    Level 15, Rarity 30, 3.0 lbs, 20000 Gold

The Dagger 'Angrist' (2d4) (+10,+15) [+5]
    +4 to DEX, Speed
    Slay Evil, Orc, Troll
    Acid Brand
    Resist Acid, Dark
    Sustain DEX
    Free Action
    Level 20, Rarity 80, 1.2 lbs, 100000 Gold

The Dagger 'Narthanc' (1d4) (+4,+6)
    Flame Tongue
    Resist Fire
    When activated, it creates a powerful bolt to burn your enemies for 8d8
damage, recharging in 8 + d8 turns.
    Level 4, Rarity 5, 1.2 lbs, 12000 Gold

The Dagger 'Nimthanc' (1d4) (+4,+6)
    Frost Brand
    Resist Cold
    When activated, it creates a bolt to freeze your enemies for 5d8
damage, recharging in 7 + d7 turns.
    Level 4, Rarity 5, 1.2 lbs, 11000 Gold

The Dagger 'Dethanc' (1d4) (+4,+6)
    Lightning Brand
    Resist Lightning
    When activated, it creates a bolt to electrify your enemies for 3d8
damage, recharging in 6 + d6 turns.
    Level 4, Rarity 5, 1.2 lbs, 13000 Gold

The Dagger of Rilia (2d4) (+4,+3)
    Slay Orc
    Venom
    Resist Poison, Disenchantment
    Sense Orcs
    When activated, it creates a cloud of radius 2 to poison your enemies
for 10 damage, recharging in 4 + d4 turns.
    Level 5, Rarity 40, 1.2 lbs, 15000 Gold

The Dagger 'Belangil' (2d4) (+6,+9)
    +2 to DEX
    Frost Brand
    Resist Cold
    Slow Digestion; Regeneration; See Invisible
    When activated, it creates a ball of radius 2 to electrify your enemies
for 55 damage, recharging in 5 + d5 turns.
    Level 10, Rarity 40, 1.2 lbs, 40000 Gold

The Bastard Sword 'Calris' (5d4) (-20,+20)
    +5 to CON
    Slay Evil, Demon, Troll, Xdragon
    Resist Disenchantment
    Aggravates
    Level 30, Rarity 15, 14.0 lbs, 100000 Gold

The Broad Sword 'Arunruth' (3d5) (+20,+12)
    +4 to DEX
    Slay Demon, Orc
    Resist Cold
    Slow Digestion; Feather Falling; Free Action
    When activated, it creates a bolt to freeze your enemies for 5d8
damage, creates a bolt to freeze your enemies for 5d8 damage, and creates
a bolt to freeze your enemies for 5d8 damage, recharging in 50 + d0 turns.
    Level 20, Rarity 45, 15.0 lbs, 50000 Gold

The Broad Sword 'Glamdring' (2d5) (+10,+15)
    +1 to Searching
    Slay Evil, Demon, Orc
    Flame Tongue
    Resist Fire, Light
    Slow Digestion; Permanent Light; Blessed Blade
    Level 20, Rarity 20, 15.0 lbs, 40000 Gold

The Broad Sword 'Aeglin' (2d5) (+12,+16)
    +1 to Searching
    Slay Orc, Troll, Giant
    Lightning Brand
    Resist Lightning, Blindness
    Slow Digestion; Permanent Light; Sense Orcs; Sense Trolls
    Sense Giants; Blessed Blade
    Level 20, Rarity 30, 15.0 lbs, 45000 Gold

The Broad Sword 'Orcrist' (2d5) (+10,+15)
    +3 to Searching
    Slay Evil, Orc, Dragon
    Frost Brand
    Resist Cold, Dark
    Slow Digestion; Permanent Light; Sense Orcs; Blessed Blade
    Level 20, Rarity 20, 15.0 lbs, 40000 Gold

The Two-Handed Sword 'Gurthang' (3d6) (+13,+17)
    +2 to STR
    Slay Xdragon
    Flame Tongue; Venom
    Resist Fire, Poison
    Slow Digestion; Regeneration; Sense Dragons; Free Action
    Level 30, Rarity 30, 20.0 lbs, 100000 Gold

The Two-Handed Sword 'Zarcuthra' (4d6) (+19,+21)
    +4 to STR, CHR, Infravision
    Slay Natural, Evil, Undead, Demon, Orc, Troll, Giant, Xdragon
    Flame Tongue
    Resist Fire, Chaos
    See Invisible; Free Action; Aggravates
    Level 30, Rarity 180, 25.0 lbs, 200000 Gold

The Two-Handed Sword 'Mormegil' (3d6) (-15,-15) [-20]
    -10 to Speed
    Slay Undead, Xdragon
    Venom
    See Invisible; Hold Life; Aggravates; Drains Experience
    Level 30, Rarity 15, 25.0 lbs, 10000 Gold

The Cutlass 'Gondricam' (1d7) (+10,+11)
    +3 to DEX, Stealth
    Resist Acid, Lightning, Fire, Cold
    Feather Falling; Regeneration; See Invisible
    Level 20, Rarity 8, 11.0 lbs, 28000 Gold

The Executioner's Sword 'Crisdurian' (4d5) (+18,+19)
    Slay Evil, Undead, Orc, Troll, Giant, Dragon
    See Invisible
    Level 40, Rarity 25, 26.0 lbs, 100000 Gold

The Katana 'Aglarang' (8d4) (+0,+0)
    +5 to DEX, Speed
    Sustain DEX
    Level 30, Rarity 25, 5.0 lbs, 40000 Gold

The Long Sword 'Ringil' (4d5) (+22,+25)
    +10 to Speed
    Slay Evil, Undead, Demon, Troll, Xdemon
    Frost Brand
    Resist Cold, Fear, Light
    Slow Digestion; Permanent Light; Regeneration; See Invisible
    Free Action; Blessed Blade
    When activated, it creates a storm of radius 3 to freeze your enemies
for 120 damage, recharging in 40 + d0 turns.
    Level 20, Rarity 120, 13.0 lbs, 300000 Gold

The Long Sword 'Anduril' (3d5) (+10,+15) [+10]
    +4 to STR, DEX
    Slay Evil, Undead, Orc, Troll
    Flame Tongue
    Resist Fire, Fear, Disenchantment
    Sustain STR, DEX
    See Invisible; Free Action; Blessed Blade
    When activated, it creates a ball of radius 2 to burn your enemies for
80 damage, recharging in 40 + d0 turns.
    Level 20, Rarity 40, 13.0 lbs, 80000 Gold

The Long Sword 'Anguirel' (2d5) (+8,+12)
    +2 to STR, CON, Speed
    Slay Evil, Demon
    Venom
    Resist Lightning, Light, Dark
    Permanent Light; Sense Demons; See Invisible; Free Action; Aggravates
    Level 20, Rarity 30, 13.0 lbs, 40000 Gold

The Long Sword 'Elvagil' (2d5) (+2,+7)
    +2 to DEX, CHR, Stealth
    Slay Orc, Troll
    Feather Falling; Sense Orcs; Sense Trolls; See Invisible
    Level 20, Rarity 8, 13.0 lbs, 30000 Gold

The Rapier 'Forasgil' (1d6) (+12,+19)
    Slay Natural
    Frost Brand
    Resist Cold, Light
    Permanent Light
    Level 15, Rarity 8, 4.0 lbs, 15000 Gold

The Sabre 'Careth Asdriag' (1d7) (+6,+8)
    +1 to Attacks
    Slay Natural, Orc, Troll, Giant, Dragon
    Level 15, Rarity 8, 5.0 lbs, 25000 Gold

The Small Sword 'Sting' (1d6) (+7,+8)
    +2 to STR, DEX, CON, Speed, Attacks
    Slay Natural, Evil, Undead, Orc
    Resist Fear, Light
    Permanent Light; Sense Orcs; See Invisible; Free Action
    Level 20, Rarity 15, 7.5 lbs, 100000 Gold

The Scimitar 'Haradekket' (2d5) (+9,+11)
    +2 to DEX, Attacks
    Slay Natural, Evil, Undead
    See Invisible
    Level 20, Rarity 15, 13.0 lbs, 30000 Gold

The Short Sword 'Gilettar' (1d7) (+3,+7)
    +2 to Attacks
    Slay Natural
    Venom
    Slow Digestion; Regeneration; Sense Natural
    Level 20, Rarity 8, 8.0 lbs, 15000 Gold

The Blade of Chaos 'Doomcaller' (6d5) (+18,+28) [-50]
    Slay Natural, Evil, Orc, Troll, Xdragon
    Frost Brand
    Resist Acid, Lightning, Fire, Cold, Chaos
    ESP; See Invisible; Free Action; Aggravates
    Level 70, Rarity 25, 18.0 lbs, 200000 Gold

The Main Gauche of Azaghal (2d5) (+12,+14)
    Slay Xdragon
    Immunity to Fire
    Resist Acid, Fear
    Sense Dragons
    Level 18, Rarity 30, 3.0 lbs, 50000 Gold

The Broken Sword 'Narsil' (3d2) (+6,+10)
    +2 to STR, DEX, Attacks
    Slay Orc, Troll
    Resist Fire
    Blessed Blade
    Level 10, Rarity 4, 3.0 lbs, 2000 Gold

The Bastard Sword of Eowyn (4d4) (+12,+16)
    +4 to STR, CHR, Stealth, Speed
    Slay Natural, Evil, Giant, Xundead
    Resist Cold, Fear, Dark, Nether
    Level 30, Rarity 100, 14.0 lbs, 120000 Gold



Polearms
--------

The Two-Handed Spear of Melkor (3d8) (-12,+20)
    -4 to WIS, Stealth
    Venom
    Resist Light, Dark, Blindness, Nether
    Aggravates; Drains Experience
    Level 65, Rarity 45, 20.0 lbs, 100000 Gold

The Beaked Axe of Theoden (2d6) (+8,+10)
    +3 to WIS, CON
    Slay Dragon
    Slow Digestion; ESP
    When activated, it drains life from one target for 125 damage,
recharging in 40 + d0 turns.
    Level 20, Rarity 15, 18.0 lbs, 40000 Gold

The Glaive of Pain (9d6) (+0,+30)
    Resist Fear
    Level 30, Rarity 25, 30.0 lbs, 50000 Gold

The Halberd 'Osondir' (3d5) (+6,+9)
    +3 to CHR
    Slay Undead, Giant
    Flame Tongue
    Resist Fire, Sound
    Feather Falling; See Invisible
    Level 20, Rarity 8, 19.0 lbs, 22000 Gold

The Pike 'Til-i-arc' (2d5) (+10,+12) [+10]
    +2 to INT
    Slay Demon, Troll, Giant
    Flame Tongue; Frost Brand
    Resist Fire, Cold
    Sustain INT
    Slow Digestion
    Level 20, Rarity 15, 16.0 lbs, 32000 Gold

The Spear 'Aeglos' (2d8) (+15,+25) [+5]
    +4 to WIS, DEX
    Slay Evil, Undead, Orc, Troll, Xundead
    Frost Brand
    Resist Cold, Fear
    Slow Digestion; Free Action; Blessed Blade
    When activated, it creates a storm of radius 3 to freeze your enemies
for 120 damage, recharging in 35 + d0 turns.
    Level 15, Rarity 45, 7.0 lbs, 140000 Gold

The Spear of Orome (3d8) (+15,+15)
    +4 to INT, Infravision, Speed
    Slay Natural, Giant
    Flame Tongue
    Resist Fire, Light
    Feather Falling; Permanent Light; Sense Natural; See Invisible
    Blessed Blade
    When activated, it removes rock from one direction for 6d8 damage to
monsters vulnerible to rock remover, recharging in 5 + d0 turns.
    Level 15, Rarity 45, 7.0 lbs, 60000 Gold

The Javelin 'Nimloth' (1d8) (+11,+13)
    +3 to Stealth, Speed
    Slay Undead
    Frost Brand
    Resist Cold
    See Invisible; Blessed Blade
    Level 15, Rarity 12, 7.0 lbs, 30000 Gold

The Two-Handed Spear of Eorlingas (4d8) (+13,+21)
    +2 to STR, DEX, Speed
    Slay Evil, Orc, Troll
    Resist Fear
    See Invisible
    Level 20, Rarity 23, 30.0 lbs, 55000 Gold

The Great Axe of Durin (4d4) (+10,+20) [+15]
    +3 to STR, CON, Tunneling
    Slay Demon, Orc, Troll, Xdragon
    Acid Brand; Flame Tongue
    Resist Acid, Fire, Fear, Light, Dark, Confusion, Chaos
    Free Action
    Level 30, Rarity 90, 23.0 lbs, 150000 Gold

The Great Axe of Eonwe (5d4) (+15,+18) [+8]
    +2 to All stats
    Slay Evil, Undead, Orc, Xdemon
    Frost Brand
    Immunity to Cold
    Resist Cold, Fear
    See Invisible; Free Action; Blessed Blade
    When activated, it removes all nearby monsters, recharging in 1000 + d0
turns.
    Level 30, Rarity 120, 23.0 lbs, 200000 Gold

The Battle Axe of Balli Stonehand (3d8) (+8,+11) [+5]
    +3 to STR, CON, Stealth
    Slay Demon, Orc, Troll
    Resist Acid, Lightning, Fire, Cold, Blindness
    Feather Falling; Regeneration; See Invisible; Free Action
    Level 30, Rarity 15, 17.0 lbs, 90000 Gold

The Battle Axe 'Lotharang' (2d8) (+4,+3)
    +1 to STR, DEX
    Slay Orc, Troll
    Sense Orcs; Sense Trolls
    When activated, it cures you of blindness, and partially cures you of
cuts, and heals you for 5d10 hit points, recharging in 3 + d3 turns.
    Level 30, Rarity 15, 17.0 lbs, 21000 Gold

The Lochaber Axe 'Mundwine' (3d8) (+12,+17)
    Slay Natural, Evil, Demon
    Resist Acid, Lightning, Fire, Cold
    Level 30, Rarity 8, 25.0 lbs, 30000 Gold

The Broad Axe 'Barukkheled' (2d6) (+13,+19)
    +3 to CON
    Slay Evil, Orc, Troll, Giant
    See Invisible
    Level 20, Rarity 8, 16.0 lbs, 50000 Gold

The Halberd of Wrath (6d4) (+16,+18)
    +2 to STR, DEX
    Slay Evil, Undead, Xundead
    Venom
    Resist Light, Dark
    Sense Undead; See Invisible; Blessed Blade
    Level 15, Rarity 35, 30.0 lbs, 90000 Gold

The Halberd of Ulmo (8d4) (+15,+19)
    +4 to DEX
    Slay Natural, Dragon
    Immunity to Acid
    Resist Acid, Nether
    Slow Digestion; Regeneration; See Invisible; Free Action; Hold Life
    Blessed Blade
    When activated, it teleports one target away for 25 distance on
average, recharging in 50 + d0 turns.
    Level 30, Rarity 90, 7.0 lbs, 120000 Gold

The Scythe 'Avavir' (5d3) (+8,+8) [+10]
    +3 to DEX, CHR
    Flame Tongue; Frost Brand
    Resist Fire, Cold, Light
    Permanent Light; See Invisible; Free Action
    When activated, it returns you to the surface, or teleports you into
the depths, recharging in 200 + d0 turns.
    Level 40, Rarity 8, 25.0 lbs, 18000 Gold

The Beaked Axe of Hurin (4d6) (+12,+15)
    +2 to STR, CON, Attacks
    Slay Demon, Troll, Dragon, Xdemon
    Acid Brand
    Resist Acid, Fire, Dark
    Permanent Light
    When activated, it makes you go berserk for 1d25+25 turns, and cures
you of fear, and heals you for 30 hit points, recharging in 80 + d80 turns.
    Level 20, Rarity 15, 18.0 lbs, 90000 Gold



Hafted Weapons
--------------

The Mighty Hammer 'Grond' (9d9) (+5,+25) [+10]
    Slay Natural, Evil, Undead, Demon, Orc, Troll, Xdragon, Xdemon, Xundead
    ESP; See Invisible; Earthquake impact on hit; Aggravates
    Level 100, Rarity 1, 100.0 lbs, 500000 Gold

The Flail 'Totila' (3d6) (+6,+8)
    +2 to Stealth
    Slay Evil
    Flame Tongue
    Resist Fire, Confusion
    When activated, it confuses one target for 25 power, recharging in 15
+ d0 turns.
    Level 20, Rarity 8, 15.0 lbs, 55000 Gold

The Two-Handed Flail 'Thunderfist' (4d6) (+5,+18)
    +4 to STR, CON
    Slay Natural, Orc, Troll
    Lightning Brand; Flame Tongue
    Resist Lightning, Fire, Fear, Dark
    Level 45, Rarity 38, 30.0 lbs, 160000 Gold

The Morning Star 'Bloodspike' (2d6) (+8,+22)
    +4 to STR
    Slay Natural, Orc, Troll
    Venom
    Resist Nexus
    See Invisible
    Level 20, Rarity 30, 15.0 lbs, 30000 Gold

The Morning Star 'Firestar' (2d6) (+5,+7) [+2]
    Flame Tongue
    Resist Fire
    When activated, it creates a ball of radius 2 to burn your enemies for
80 damage, recharging in 20 + d0 turns.
    Level 20, Rarity 15, 15.0 lbs, 35000 Gold

The Mace 'Taratol' (3d4) (+12,+12)
    Slay Xdragon
    Lightning Brand
    Immunity to Lightning
    Resist Lightning
    When activated, it hastes you for 1d20+20 turns, recharging in 100 +
d100 turns.
    Level 20, Rarity 15, 20.0 lbs, 50000 Gold

The War Hammer of Aule (9d3) (+19,+21) [+5]
    +4 to WIS, Tunneling
    Slay Evil, Undead, Demon, Xdragon
    Acid Brand
    Resist Acid, Lightning, Fire, Cold, Fear, Nexus
    See Invisible; Free Action
    Level 40, Rarity 75, 12.0 lbs, 250000 Gold

The Quarterstaff 'Nar-i-vagil' (1d9) (+10,+20)
    +3 to INT
    Slay Natural
    Flame Tongue
    Resist Fire
    Level 20, Rarity 18, 15.0 lbs, 70000 Gold

The Quarterstaff 'Eriril' (1d9) (+3,+5)
    +4 to INT, WIS
    Slay Evil
    Resist Light
    Permanent Light; See Invisible
    When activated, it can identify the kind, ego-item and artifact names
and all bonuses on one unknown item, recharging in 10 + d0 turns.
    Level 20, Rarity 18, 15.0 lbs, 20000 Gold

The Quarterstaff of Olorin (2d9) (+10,+13)
    +4 to INT, WIS, CHR
    Slay Evil, Orc, Troll
    Flame Tongue
    Resist Fire, Nether
    See Invisible; Hold Life
    When activated, it affects all your enemies in line of sight,
recharging in 20 + d0 turns.
    Level 30, Rarity 105, 15.0 lbs, 130000 Gold

The Mace of Disruption 'Deathwreaker' (7d8) (+18,+18)
    +6 to STR, Tunneling
    Slay Natural, Evil, Undead, Dragon, Xundead
    Flame Tongue
    Immunity to Fire
    Resist Fire, Dark, Chaos, Disenchantment
    Aggravates
    Level 80, Rarity 38, 40.0 lbs, 400000 Gold

The Lucerne Hammer 'Turmil' (2d5) (+10,+6) [+8]
    +4 to WIS, Infravision
    Slay Orc
    Frost Brand
    Resist Cold, Light
    Permanent Light; Regeneration
    When activated, it drains life from one target for 125 damage,
recharging in 40 + d0 turns.
    Level 20, Rarity 15, 12.0 lbs, 30000 Gold

The Whip of Gothmog (6d3) (+13,+15)
    -3 to INT, WIS, DEX
    Slay Natural, Troll, Giant, Xdragon
    Flame Tongue
    Immunity to Fire
    Resist Lightning, Dark
    Permanent Light; Aggravates
    When activated, it creates a storm of radius 3 to burn your enemies for
145 damage, recharging in 15 + d0 turns.
    Level 60, Rarity 25, 9.0 lbs, 25000 Gold

The Ball-and-Chain of Fundin Bluecloak (4d4) (+13,+17) [+10]
    +4 to STR, WIS, Speed
    Slay Evil, Undead
    Resist Lightning, Fire, Nether
    Permanent Light; Hold Life
    When activated, it dispels all your enemies in line of sight if evil
for 250 damage, recharging in 100 + d100 turns.
    Level 65, Rarity 100, 13.0 lbs, 60000 Gold




Bows
----

The Long Bow 'Belthronding' (x3) (+20,+22)
    +1 to DEX, Stealth, Speed, Shots
    Resist Disenchantment
    Level 40, Rarity 20, 4.0 lbs, 35000 Gold

The Long Bow of Bard (x3) (+17,+19)
    +2 to DEX, Speed, Might
    Sense Dragons; Free Action
    Level 30, Rarity 20, 4.0 lbs, 20000 Gold

The Light Crossbow 'Cubragol' (x3) (+10,+14)
    +10 to Speed
    Resist Fire
    , recharging in 999 + d0 turns.
    Level 50, Rarity 25, 11.0 lbs, 50000 Gold

The Heavy Crossbow of Umbar (x4) (+18,+18)
    +2 to STR, CON, Might
    Resist Lightning, Light, Dark, Blindness
    Aggravates
    When activated, it creates a powerful bolt to hurt your enemies with
arrows for 150 damage, recharging in 20 + d20 turns.
    Level 60, Rarity 20, 20.0 lbs, 35000 Gold

The Short Bow of Amrod (x2) (+12,+15)
    +2 to STR, CON, Might
    Resist Lightning, Fire, Cold
    Regeneration
    Level 25, Rarity 10, 3.0 lbs, 9000 Gold

The Short Bow of Amras (x2) (+12,+15)
    +1 to INT, WIS, DEX, Speed, Shots, Might
    Resist Lightning, Fire, Cold
    Slow Digestion
    Level 25, Rarity 10, 3.0 lbs, 9000 Gold



Diggers
-------

The Mattock of Nain (3d8) (+12,+18)
    +6 to STR, Searching, Infravision, Tunneling
    Slay Orc, Troll, Giant, Dragon
    Acid Brand
    Resist Acid, Dark, Disenchantment
    When activated, it removes rock from one direction for 6d8 damage to
monsters vulnerible to rock remover, recharging in 2 + d0 turns.
    Level 60, Rarity 8, 25.0 lbs, 30000 Gold

The Dwarven Pick of Erebor (3d4) (+5,+20)
    +5 to STR, CON, Tunneling
    Slay Demon, Orc, Troll
    Acid Brand
    Resist Light, Dark, Chaos
    Sustain STR
    Permanent Light
    Level 55, Rarity 5, 20.0 lbs, 30000 Gold




Body Armor
----------

The Hard Leather Armour of Himring [6,+15]
    Resist Poison, Nether, Chaos
    When activated, it protects your from evil monsters for 1d25 turns,
recharging in 100 + d100 turns.
    Level 50, Rarity 20, 10.0 lbs, 35000 Gold

The Soft Leather Armour 'Hithlomir' [4,+20]
    +4 to Stealth
    Resist Acid, Lightning, Fire, Cold, Dark
    Level 20, Rarity 3, 8.0 lbs, 45000 Gold

The Leather Scale Mail 'Thalkettoth' (-1) [11,+25]
    +3 to DEX, Speed
    Resist Acid, Shards
    Level 20, Rarity 3, 6.0 lbs, 25000 Gold

The Adamantite Plate Mail 'Soulkeeper' (-4) [40,+20]
    +2 to CON
    Resist Acid, Cold, Fear, Dark, Confusion, Nexus, Nether, Chaos
    Sustain CON
    Hold Life
    When activated, it cures you of cuts, and heals you for 1000 hit
points, recharging in 444 + d0 turns.
    Level 75, Rarity 9, 42.0 lbs, 300000 Gold

The Full Plate Armour of Isildur [25,+25]
    +1 to CON
    Resist Acid, Lightning, Fire, Cold, Confusion, Sound, Nexus
    Level 30, Rarity 3, 30.0 lbs, 50000 Gold

The Metal Brigandine Armour of the Rohirrim [19,+15]
    +2 to STR, DEX
    Resist Acid, Lightning, Fire, Cold, Fear, Confusion, Sound
    Level 30, Rarity 3, 20.0 lbs, 30000 Gold

The Mithril Chain Mail 'Belegennon' (-1) [28,+20]
    +4 to Stealth
    Resist Acid, Lightning, Fire, Cold, Poison
    When activated, it teleports you away for 10 distance on average,
recharging in 2 + d0 turns.
    Level 40, Rarity 3, 15.0 lbs, 105000 Gold

The Mithril Plate Mail of Celeborn (-3) [35,+25]
    +4 to STR, CHR
    Resist Acid, Lightning, Fire, Cold, Dark, Disenchantment
    When activated, it allows you to remove a monster type from a level
(1d4 damage per monster), recharging in 500 + d0 turns.
    Level 40, Rarity 3, 25.0 lbs, 150000 Gold

The Chain Mail of Arvedui (-2) [14,+15]
    +2 to STR, CHR
    Resist Acid, Lightning, Fire, Cold, Shards, Nexus
    Level 20, Rarity 3, 22.0 lbs, 32000 Gold

The Augmented Chain Mail of Caspanion (-2) [16,+20]
    +3 to INT, WIS, CON
    Resist Acid, Poison, Confusion
    When activated, it removes doors from all enemies adjacent to you,
recharging in 10 + d0 turns.
    Level 25, Rarity 9, 27.0 lbs, 40000 Gold

The Multi-Hued Dragon Scale Mail 'Razorback' (-4) [30,+25]
    Immunity to Lightning
    Resist Acid, Lightning, Fire, Cold, Poison, Light, Dark
    Permanent Light; See Invisible; Free Action; Aggravates
    When activated, it surrounds you with a star to electrify your enemies
for 150 damage, recharging in 50 + d0 turns.
    Level 90, Rarity 9, 50.0 lbs, 400000 Gold

The Power Dragon Scale Mail 'Bladeturner' (-8) [50,+35]
    Resist Acid, Lightning, Fire, Cold, Poison, Fear, Light, Dark, 
      Blindness, Confusion, Sound, Shards, Nexus, Nether, Chaos, 
      Disenchantment
    Regeneration; Hold Life
    When activated, it provides temporary fire, cold, acid, lightning and
poison resistance, makes you go berserk and blesses you for 1d50+50 turns,
recharging in 400 + d0 turns.
    Level 100, Rarity 16, 60.0 lbs, 500000 Gold

The Balance Dragon Scale Mail 'Mediator' (-4) [30,+25]
    Resist Confusion, Sound, Shards, Nexus, Chaos, Disenchantment
    Slow Digestion; Regeneration; Free Action; Aggravates
    When activated, it surrounds you with a star to electrify your enemies
for 150 damage, recharging in 50 + d0 turns.
    Level 95, Rarity 12, 50.0 lbs, 400000 Gold



Cloaks
------

The Cloak 'Colluin' [1,+15]
    Resist Acid, Lightning, Fire, Cold, Poison
    When activated, it provides temporary fire, cold, acid, lightning and
poison resistance for 1d20+20 turns, recharging in 111 + d0 turns.
    Level 5, Rarity 45, 1.0 lbs, 50000 Gold

The Cloak 'Holcolleth' [1,+4]
    +2 to INT, WIS, Stealth, Speed
    Resist Acid
    When activated, it sends all enemies adjacent to you to sleep for 25
power, recharging in 55 + d0 turns.
    Level 5, Rarity 25, 1.0 lbs, 18000 Gold

The Cloak of Thingol [1,+18]
    +3 to DEX, CHR
    Resist Acid, Fire, Cold
    Free Action
    When activated, it recharges one staff or wand for 100 power,
recharging in 70 + d0 turns.
    Level 5, Rarity 50, 1.0 lbs, 35000 Gold

The Cloak of Thorongil [1,+10]
    Resist Acid, Fear
    See Invisible; Free Action
    Level 5, Rarity 10, 1.0 lbs, 8000 Gold

The Cloak 'Colannon' [1,+15]
    +3 to Stealth, Speed
    Resist Nexus
    When activated, it teleports you away for 125 distance on average,
recharging in 45 + d0 turns.
    Level 5, Rarity 20, 1.0 lbs, 20000 Gold

The Shadow Cloak of Luthien [6,+20]
    +2 to INT, WIS, CHR, Stealth, Speed
    Resist Acid, Fire, Cold
    When activated, it restores your strength, intelligence, wisdom,
dexterity, constitution and charisma, recharging in 250 + d0 turns.
    Level 40, Rarity 40, 0.5 lbs, 45000 Gold

The Shadow Cloak of Tuor [6,+12]
    +4 to DEX, Stealth
    Immunity to Acid
    Resist Acid
    See Invisible; Free Action
    Level 40, Rarity 40, 0.5 lbs, 35000 Gold



Shields
-------

The Shield of Deflection of Gil-galad [10,+20]
    +5 to WIS, CHR
    Resist Acid, Lightning, Dark, Disenchantment
    Sustain WIS, DEX, CHR
    Permanent Light
    When activated, it surrounds you with a star to light up your enemies
for 6d8 damage to monsters vulnerible to light, recharging in 100 + d0
turns.
    Level 70, Rarity 4, 8.0 lbs, 65000 Gold

The Small Metal Shield of Thorin [3,+25]
    +4 to STR, CON
    Immunity to Acid
    Resist Fear, Sound, Chaos
    Free Action; Aggravates
    Level 40, Rarity 6, 6.5 lbs, 60000 Gold

The Large Leather Shield of Celegorm [4,+20]
    Resist Acid, Lightning, Fire, Cold, Light, Dark
    Level 30, Rarity 3, 6.0 lbs, 12000 Gold

The Large Metal Shield of Anarion [5,+20]
    Resist Acid, Lightning, Fire, Cold
    Sustain All stats
    Level 40, Rarity 9, 12.0 lbs, 160000 Gold

The Large Metal Shield of the Haradrim [4,+15]
    +2 to STR, CON
    Resist Poison, Fear, Blindness
    Sustain STR, CON
    Aggravates
    When activated, it makes you go berserk for 1d25+25 turns, and cures
you of fear, and heals you for 30 hit points, recharging in 50 + d0 turns.
    Level 35, Rarity 12, 12.0 lbs, 25000 Gold


Helms/Crowns
------------

The Metal Cap of Celebrimbor [3,+18]
    +3 to INT, DEX, CHR, Searching
    Resist Acid, Fire, Shards, Disenchantment
    Level 55, Rarity 12, 2.0 lbs, 45000 Gold

The Hard Leather Cap of Thranduil [2,+10]
    +2 to INT, WIS
    Resist Blindness
    ESP
    Level 20, Rarity 2, 1.5 lbs, 50000 Gold

The Metal Cap of Thengel [3,+12]
    +3 to WIS, CHR
    Resist Confusion
    Level 10, Rarity 2, 2.0 lbs, 22000 Gold

The Steel Helm of Hammerhand [6,+20]
    +3 to STR, DEX, CON
    Resist Acid, Cold, Dark, Nexus
    Sustain STR, DEX, CON
    Aggravates
    Level 20, Rarity 8, 6.0 lbs, 45000 Gold

The Iron Helm of Dor-Lomin [5,+20]
    +4 to STR, DEX, CON
    Resist Acid, Lightning, Fire, Cold, Fear
    Permanent Light; ESP; See Invisible
    Level 40, Rarity 20, 7.5 lbs, 300000 Gold

The Iron Helm 'Holhenneth' [5,+10]
    +2 to INT, WIS, Searching
    Resist Blindness, Confusion
    See Invisible
    When activated, it detects all doors, traps, stairs, running water,
gold, including hidden treasures, objects, including hidden objects,
visible monsters, evil monsters and invisible monsters on the current
panel, recharging in 55 + d55 turns.
    Level 20, Rarity 5, 7.5 lbs, 100000 Gold

The Iron Helm of Gorlim [5,+10]
    -5 to INT, WIS, Searching
    Resist Fear
    See Invisible; Free Action; Aggravates
    Level 20, Rarity 5, 7.5 lbs, 1 Gold

The Massive Iron Crown of Morgoth [0,+0]
    +125 to All stats, Infravision
    Resist Acid, Lightning, Fire, Cold, Poison, Fear, Light, Dark, 
      Confusion, Nexus, Nether
    Permanent Light; ESP; See Invisible
    Level 100, Rarity 1, 2.0 lbs, 10000000 Gold

The Iron Crown of Beruthiel [0,+20]
    -5 to STR, DEX, CON
    ESP; See Invisible; Free Action
    Level 40, Rarity 12, 2.0 lbs, 1 Gold

The Golden Crown of Gondor [0,+15]
    +3 to STR, WIS, CON, Speed
    Resist Fire, Cold, Light, Blindness, Confusion, Sound, Chaos
    Permanent Light; Regeneration; See Invisible
    When activated, it cures you of cuts, and heals you for 500 hit points,
recharging in 250 + d0 turns.
    Level 40, Rarity 40, 3.0 lbs, 100000 Gold

The Jewel Encrusted Crown of Numenor [0,+18]
    +3 to INT, DEX, CHR, Searching, Speed
    Resist Cold, Light, Dark, Blindness, Sound, Shards
    Permanent Light; Sense Undead; See Invisible; Free Action
    Level 60, Rarity 30, 4.0 lbs, 50000 Gold



Gloves
------

The Set of Gauntlets of Eol (-5,-5) [3,+15]
    +3 to INT
    Resist Lightning, Poison, Dark
    Feather Falling; Free Action; Aggravates
    When activated, it creates a powerful bolt to blast your enemies with
magic for 100 damage, recharging in 30 + d30 turns.
    Level 55, Rarity 35, 2.5 lbs, 40000 Gold

The Set of Leather Gloves 'Cambeleg' (+8,+8) [1,+15]
    +2 to STR, CON
    Free Action
    Level 10, Rarity 6, 0.5 lbs, 36000 Gold

The Set of Leather Gloves 'Cammithrim' [1,+10]
    Resist Light
    Sustain CON
    Permanent Light; Free Action
    When activated, it blasts your enemies with magic missiles for 3d4
damage, recharging in 2 + d0 turns.
    Level 10, Rarity 3, 0.5 lbs, 30000 Gold

The Set of Gauntlets 'Paurhach' [2,+15]
    Resist Fire
    When activated, it creates a powerful bolt to burn your enemies for 8d8
damage, and creates a powerful bolt to burn your enemies for 8d8 damage,
recharging in 8 + d8 turns.
    Level 10, Rarity 5, 2.5 lbs, 15000 Gold

The Set of Gauntlets 'Paurnimmen' [2,+15]
    Resist Cold
    When activated, it creates a bolt to freeze your enemies for 5d8
damage, and creates a bolt to freeze your enemies for 5d8 damage,
recharging in 7 + d7 turns.
    Level 10, Rarity 5, 2.5 lbs, 13000 Gold

The Set of Gauntlets 'Pauraegen' [2,+15]
    Resist Lightning
    When activated, it creates a bolt to electrify your enemies for 3d8
damage, and creates a bolt to electrify your enemies for 3d8 damage,
recharging in 6 + d6 turns.
    Level 10, Rarity 5, 2.5 lbs, 11000 Gold

The Set of Gauntlets 'Paurnen' [2,+15]
    Resist Acid
    When activated, it creates a powerful bolt to dissolve your enemies for
6d8 damage, and creates a powerful bolt to dissolve your enemies for 6d8
damage, recharging in 5 + d5 turns.
    Level 10, Rarity 5, 2.5 lbs, 12000 Gold

The Set of Gauntlets 'Camlost' (-12,-12) [2,+0]
    -3 to STR, DEX
    Resist Fire, Disenchantment
    Free Action; Aggravates; Drains Experience
    Level 10, Rarity 20, 2.5 lbs, 0 Gold

The Set of Cesti of Fingolfin (+10,+10) [5,+20]
    +4 to DEX
    Resist Acid
    Free Action
    When activated, it creates a powerful bolt to hurt your enemies with
arrows for 150 damage, recharging in 30 + d30 turns.
    Level 40, Rarity 15, 4.0 lbs, 110000 Gold



Boots
-----

The Pair of Hard Leather Boots of Feanor [3,+20]
    +15 to Speed
    Resist Nexus
    When activated, it hastes you for 1d20+20 turns, recharging in 200 + d0
turns.
    Level 40, Rarity 120, 4.0 lbs, 300000 Gold

The Pair of Soft Leather Boots 'Dal-i-thalion' [2,+15]
    +5 to DEX
    Resist Confusion, Nether, Chaos
    Sustain CON
    Free Action
    When activated, it cures you of poison and fear, recharging in 5 + d0
turns.
    Level 10, Rarity 25, 2.0 lbs, 40000 Gold

The Pair of Metal Shod Boots of Thror [6,+20]
    +3 to STR, CON, Speed
    Resist Fear
    Level 30, Rarity 25, 8.0 lbs, 12000 Gold

The Pair of Soft Leather Boots of Wormtongue (-8,-8) [2,+0]
    +3 to INT, DEX, Stealth, Speed
    Feather Falling
    When activated, it teleports you away for 10 distance on average,
recharging in 20 + d0 turns.
    Level 10, Rarity 15, 2.0 lbs, 17000 Gold


Light Sources
-------------

The Phial of Galadriel
    Permanent Light(3)
    When activated, it lights up the room you are in, and surrounds you
with magic of radius 2 to light up for 50 damage to monsters vulnerible to
light, recharging in 10 + d10 turns.
    Level 5, Rarity 5, 1.0 lbs, 10000 Gold

The Star of Elendil
    Sense Demons; See Invisible; Permanent Light(3)
    When activated, it maps your surroundings, recharging in 50 + d50
turns.
    Level 30, Rarity 25, 0.5 lbs, 30000 Gold

The Arkenstone of Thrain
    Resist Light, Dark
    See Invisible; Hold Life; Permanent Light(3)
    When activated, it detects all doors, traps, stairs, running water,
gold, including hidden treasures, objects, including hidden objects,
visible monsters, evil monsters and invisible monsters on the current
panel, recharging in 30 + d30 turns.
    Level 50, Rarity 50, 0.5 lbs, 50000 Gold

The Palantir of Westernesse
    +2 to INT, WIS, Searching, Infravision
    Resist Blindness, Chaos
    ESP; See Invisible; Aggravates; Drains Experience; Permanent Light(3)
    When activated, it lights up and maps the entire level, recharging in
50 + d50 turns.
    Level 75, Rarity 60, 20.0 lbs, 100000 Gold



Amulets
-------

The Amulet of Carlammas
    +2 to CON
    Resist Fire
    When activated, it protects your from evil monsters for 1d25 turns,
recharging in 225 + d225 turns.
    Level 50, Rarity 10, 0.3 lbs, 60000 Gold

The Amulet of Ingwe
    +3 to INT, WIS, CHR, Infravision
    Resist Acid, Lightning, Cold
    See Invisible; Free Action
    When activated, it dispels all your enemies in line of sight if evil
for 250 damage, recharging in 50 + d50 turns.
    Level 65, Rarity 30, 0.3 lbs, 90000 Gold

The Necklace of the Dwarves
    +3 to STR, CON, Infravision
    Resist Fear
    Permanent Light; Regeneration; See Invisible; Free Action
    Level 70, Rarity 50, 0.3 lbs, 75000 Gold

The Elfstone 'Elessar' (+7,+7) [+10]
    +2 to STR, WIS, CHR, Speed
    Resist Fire, Poison, Fear
    When activated, it cures you of cuts, and heals you for 500 hit points,
recharging in 200 + d0 turns.
    Level 60, Rarity 60, 0.3 lbs, 40000 Gold

The Jewel 'Evenstar'
    Resist Cold, Dark
    Sustain INT, WIS, CON
    Hold Life
    When activated, it restores your strength, intelligence, wisdom,
dexterity, constitution and charisma, recharging in 150 + d0 turns.
    Level 40, Rarity 40, 0.3 lbs, 25000 Gold



Rings
-----

The Ring of Barahir
    +1 to All stats, Stealth
    Resist Poison, Dark
    Level 50, Rarity 25, 0.2 lbs, 65000 Gold

The Ring of Tulkas
    +4 to STR, DEX, CON
    Resist Fear
    When activated, it hastes you for 1d75+75 turns, recharging in 150 +
d150 turns.
    Level 70, Rarity 50, 0.2 lbs, 150000 Gold

The Ring of Power 'Narya' (+6,+6)
    +1 to All stats, Speed
    Immunity to Fire
    Resist Fire, Fear, Nether
    Sustain STR, WIS, CON, CHR
    Slow Digestion; Regeneration; See Invisible; Free Action
    When activated, it creates a storm of radius 3 to burn your enemies for
145 damage, recharging in 20 + d20 turns.
    Level 70, Rarity 60, 0.2 lbs, 100000 Gold

The Ring of Power 'Nenya' (+8,+8)
    +2 to All stats, Speed
    Immunity to Cold
    Resist Cold, Blindness
    Sustain INT, WIS, CHR
    Feather Falling; Regeneration; ESP; See Invisible; Free Action
    Hold Life
    When activated, it creates a storm of radius 3 to freeze your enemies
for 200 damage, recharging in 20 + d20 turns.
    Level 80, Rarity 70, 0.2 lbs, 200000 Gold

The Ring of Power 'Vilya' (+10,+10)
    +3 to All stats, Speed
    Immunity to Lightning
    Resist Lightning, Poison, Disenchantment
    Sustain STR, DEX, CON
    Slow Digestion; Feather Falling; Regeneration; See Invisible
    Free Action; Hold Life
    When activated, it creates a storm of radius 3 to electrify your
enemies for 250 damage, recharging in 20 + d20 turns.
    Level 90, Rarity 80, 0.2 lbs, 300000 Gold

The Ring of Power (The One Ring) (+15,+15)
    +5 to All stats, Speed
    Immunity to Acid, Lightning, Fire, Cold
    Resist Poison, Fear, Blindness, Nether, Disenchantment
    Sustain All stats
    Regeneration; ESP; See Invisible; Aggravates; Drains Experience
    When activated, it reduces all stats from you for 10d10 damage, or
reduces all stats from you for 10d10 damage, or dispels all your enemies in
line of sight for 1000 damage, or creates a storm of radius 3 to blast your
enemies with magic for 300 damage, or creates a storm of radius 3 to blast
your enemies with magic for 300 damage, or creates a storm of radius 3 to
blast your enemies with magic for 300 damage, or creates a powerful bolt to
blast your enemies with magic for 250 damage, or creates a powerful bolt to
blast your enemies with magic for 250 damage, or creates a powerful bolt to
blast your enemies with magic for 250 damage, or creates a powerful bolt to
blast your enemies with magic for 250 damage, recharging in 30 + d30 turns.
    Level 100, Rarity 100, 0.2 lbs, 5000000 Gold

