Object Spoilers for Unangband 0.6.2
===================================


Ammo
----

a Rounded Pebble
----------------
This Shot weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When easily
thrown, it does 1d2 blunt damage.  When fired from a sling, it does 1d2 
blunt damage.  When set in a trap, it does 1d2 blunt damage.  It is of
average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything
about this item.  


an Arrow
--------
This set of Arrows weighs 0.2 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d6 edged damage.
When fired from a bow, it does 1d6 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it 
does 1d6 edged damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by
wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


an Iron Shot
------------
This Shot weighs 0.5 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When easily
thrown, it does 1d4 blunt damage.  When fired from a sling, it does 1d4 
blunt damage.  When set in a trap, it does 1d4 blunt damage.  It is of
average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything
about this item.  


a Bolt
------
This Bolt weighs 0.3 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d7 edged damage.  When
fired from a crossbow, it does 1d7 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it 
does 1d7 edged damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by
wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Steel-tipped Arrow
--------------------
This set of Arrows weighs 0.2 lbs.  When thrown, it does 2d6 edged damage.
When fired from a bow, it does 2d6 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it 
does 2d6 edged damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by
wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Steel Shot
------------
This Shot weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When easily
thrown, it does 1d5 blunt damage.  When fired from a sling, it does 1d5 
blunt damage.  When set in a trap, it does 1d5 blunt damage.  It is of
average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything
about this item.  


a Steel Bolt
------------
This Bolt weighs 0.3 lbs.  When thrown, it does 2d7 edged damage.  When
fired from a crossbow, it does 2d7 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it 
does 2d7 edged damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by
wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Grappling Arrow
-----------------
This set of Arrows weighs 1.0 lbs.  You can build a bridge across a chasm
with this and rope.  When thrown, it does 1d6 edged damage.  When fired
from a bow, it does 1d6 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it does 1d6 
edged damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and
tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Grappling Bolt
----------------
This Bolt weighs 1.5 lbs.  You can build a bridge across a chasm with this
and rope or chain.  When thrown, it does 1d7 edged damage.  When fired
from a crossbow, it does 1d7 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it does 1d7
 edged damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and
tear.  You know everything about this item.  


an Adamantite Shot
------------------
This Shot weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  It is not damaged
by acid.  When easily thrown, it does 2d5+5 blunt damage.  When fired from
a sling, it does 2d5+5 blunt damage.  When set in a trap, it does 2d5+5 
blunt damage.  It is an ego item or artifact that resisted being picked up
or used.  You know everything about this item.  


a Seeker Arrow
--------------
This set of Arrows weighs 0.2 lbs.  When thrown, it does 4d6 edged damage.
When fired from a bow, it does 4d6 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it 
does 4d6 edged damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by
wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Seeker Bolt
-------------
This Bolt weighs 0.3 lbs.  When thrown, it does 4d7 edged damage.  When
fired from a crossbow, it does 4d7 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it 
does 4d7 edged damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by
wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Grappling Hook
----------------
This Shot weighs 0.5 lbs.  You can build a bridge across a chasm with this
and rope.  It is balanced for throwing.  When easily thrown, it does 1d4 
blunt damage.  When fired from a sling, it does 1d4 blunt damage.  When
set in a trap, it does 1d4 blunt damage.  It is of average quality, but
may be damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Golden Arrow
--------------
This set of Arrows weighs 0.2 lbs.  It is not damaged by acid and fire.  
When thrown, it does 3d6 edged damage.  When fired from a bow, it does 3d6
 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it does 3d6 edged damage.  It is of
average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything
about this item.  


a Mithril Bolt
--------------
This Bolt weighs 0.2 lbs.  It is not damaged by acid.  When thrown, it 
does 3d7 edged damage.  When fired from a crossbow, it does 3d7 edged
 damage.  When set in a trap, it does 3d7 edged damage.  It is of average
quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything about
this item.  




Bows
----

a Sling
-------
This Bow weighs 0.5 lbs.  When shooting or set in a trap, it multiplies
the base damage of shots or thrown items by 2.  It is of average quality,
but may be damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.



a Short Bow
-----------
This Bow weighs 3.0 lbs.  When shooting or set in a trap, it multiplies
the base damage of arrows by 2.  It is of average quality, but may be
damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Hand Crossbow
---------------
This Bow weighs 6.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
shooting or set in a trap, it multiplies the base damage of bolts by 2.  
It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  You know
everything about this item.  


a Long Bow
----------
This Bow weighs 4.0 lbs.  When shooting or set in a trap, it multiplies
the base damage of arrows by 3.  It is of average quality, but may be
damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Light Crossbow
----------------
This Bow weighs 11.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d2 blunt damage.  When
shooting or set in a trap, it multiplies the base damage of bolts by 3.  
It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  You know
everything about this item.  


a Heavy Crossbow
----------------
This Bow weighs 20.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 3d1 blunt damage.  When
shooting or set in a trap, it multiplies the base damage of bolts by 4.  
It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  You know
everything about this item.  




Weapons
-------

a Broken Dagger
---------------
This Sword weighs 0.5 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When attacking
or easily thrown, it does 1d1-4 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it does
1d1-4 edged damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear
and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Broken Sword
--------------
This Sword weighs 3.0 lbs.  When attacking or thrown, it does 1d2-4 edged
 damage.  When set in a trap, it does 1d2-4 edged damage.  It is of
average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything
about this item.  


a Dart
------
This Polearm weighs 1.0 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When attacking
or easily thrown, it does 1d4 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it does
1d4 edged damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear
and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Shovel
--------
This Digger weighs 6.0 lbs.  You can dig pits with this to trap monsters.  
It modifies tunneling.  When attacking or thrown, it does 1d2 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Sacrificial Dagger
--------------------
This Sword weighs 1.2 lbs.  It is blessed by the gods, allowing priests to
wield it.  When attacking or thrown, it does 2d4+5 edged damage.  When set
in a trap, it does 2d4+5 edged damage.  It is an ego item or artifact that
resisted being picked up or used.  You know everything about this item.  


a Dagger
--------
This Sword weighs 1.2 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When attacking
or easily thrown, it does 1d4 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it does
1d4 edged damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear
and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Main Gauche
-------------
This Sword weighs 3.0 lbs.  When attacking or thrown, it does 1d5 edged
 damage.  When set in a trap, it does 1d5 edged damage.  It is of average
quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything about
this item.  


a Whip
------
This Hafted Weapon weighs 3.0 lbs.  When attacking or thrown, it does 1d4 
blunt damage.  When set in a trap, it does 1d4 blunt damage.  It is of
average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything
about this item.  


a Javelin
---------
This Polearm weighs 5.0 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When attacking
or easily thrown, it does 1d6 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it does
1d6 edged damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear
and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Hatchet
---------
This Polearm weighs 4.0 lbs.  When attacking or thrown, it does 1d5 edged
 damage.  When set in a trap, it does 1d5 edged damage.  It is of average
quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything about
this item.  


a Rapier
--------
This Sword weighs 4.0 lbs.  When attacking or thrown, it does 1d6 edged
 damage.  When set in a trap, it does 1d6 edged damage.  It is of average
quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything about
this item.  


a Small Sword
-------------
This Sword weighs 7.5 lbs.  It does x2 damage when charging.  When
attacking or thrown, it does 1d6 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it 
does 1d6 edged damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by
wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Sabre
-------
This Sword weighs 5.0 lbs.  When attacking or thrown, it does 1d7 edged
 damage.  When set in a trap, it does 1d7 edged damage.  It is of average
quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything about
this item.  


a Pick
------
This Digger weighs 15.0 lbs.  You can dig pits with this to trap monsters.
It does x4 damage when charging.  It modifies tunneling.  When attacking
or thrown, it does 1d3 blunt damage.  It is of average quality, but may be
damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Spiked Club
-------------
This Hafted Weapon weighs 13.0 lbs.  It does x3 damage when charging.  
When attacking or thrown, it does 1d7 blunt damage.  When set in a trap,
it does 1d7 blunt damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by
wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Throwing Axe
--------------
This Polearm weighs 2.5 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When attacking
or easily thrown, it does 2d3 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it does
2d3 edged damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear
and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Cutlass
---------
This Sword weighs 11.0 lbs.  It does x3 damage when charging.  When
attacking or thrown, it does 1d7 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it 
does 1d7 edged damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by
wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Short Sword
-------------
This Sword weighs 8.0 lbs.  It does x2 damage when charging.  When
attacking or thrown, it does 1d7 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it 
does 1d7 edged damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by
wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Gnomish Shovel
----------------
This Digger weighs 6.0 lbs.  You can dig pits with this to trap monsters.  
It modifies tunneling.  It marks you as dwarven.  When attacking or
thrown, it does 1d2 blunt damage.  It is of average quality, but may be
damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Spear
-------
This Polearm weighs 7.0 lbs.  It does x2 damage when charging.  It is
balanced for throwing.  When attacking or easily thrown, it does 1d7 edged
 damage.  When set in a trap, it does 1d7 edged damage.  It is of average
quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything about
this item.  


a Harpoon
---------
This Polearm weighs 6.0 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When attacking
or easily thrown, it does 1d8 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it does
1d8 edged damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear
and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Throwing Hammer
-----------------
This Hafted Weapon weighs 3.0 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When
attacking or easily thrown, it does 2d4 blunt damage.  When set in a trap,
it does 2d4 blunt damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by
wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Mace
------
This Hafted Weapon weighs 12.0 lbs.  It does x3 damage when charging.  
When attacking or thrown, it does 2d4 blunt damage.  When set in a trap,
it does 2d4 blunt damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by
wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Quarterstaff
--------------
This Hafted Weapon weighs 15.0 lbs.  It does x4 damage when charging.  
When attacking or thrown, it does 1d9 blunt damage.  When set in a trap,
it does 1d9 blunt damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by
wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Ball-and-Chain
----------------
This Hafted Weapon weighs 15.0 lbs.  It does x4 damage when charging.  
When attacking or thrown, it does 2d4 blunt damage.  When set in a trap,
it does 2d4 blunt damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by
wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Dwarven Shovel
----------------
This Digger weighs 12.0 lbs.  You can dig pits with this to trap monsters.
It does x3 damage when charging.  It modifies tunneling.  It marks you as 
dwarven.  When attacking or thrown, it does 1d3 blunt damage.  It is of
average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything
about this item.  


a War Hammer
------------
This Hafted Weapon weighs 12.0 lbs.  It does x3 damage when charging.  
When attacking or thrown, it does 3d3 blunt damage.  When set in a trap,
it does 3d3 blunt damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by
wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Two-Handed Spear
------------------
This Polearm weighs 20.0 lbs.  It does x6 damage when charging.  When
attacking or thrown, it does 2d8 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it 
does 2d8 edged damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by
wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Scimitar
----------
This Sword weighs 13.0 lbs.  It does x3 damage when charging.  When
attacking or thrown, it does 2d5 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it 
does 2d5 edged damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by
wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Broad Sword
-------------
This Sword weighs 15.0 lbs.  It does x4 damage when charging.  When
attacking or thrown, it does 2d5 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it 
does 2d5 edged damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by
wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Long Sword
------------
This Sword weighs 13.0 lbs.  It does x3 damage when charging.  When
attacking or thrown, it does 2d5 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it 
does 2d5 edged damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by
wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Trident
---------
This Polearm weighs 14.0 lbs.  It does x4 damage when charging.  When
attacking or thrown, it does 3d4 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it 
does 3d4 edged damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by
wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


an Orcish Pick
--------------
This Digger weighs 18.0 lbs.  You can dig pits with this to trap monsters.
It does x5 damage when charging.  It modifies tunneling.  It marks you as 
orcish.  When attacking or thrown, it does 1d3 blunt damage.  It is of
average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything
about this item.  


a Broad Axe
-----------
This Polearm weighs 16.0 lbs.  It does x4 damage when charging.  When
attacking or thrown, it does 2d6 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it 
does 2d6 edged damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by
wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Battle Axe
------------
This Polearm weighs 17.0 lbs.  It does x5 damage when charging.  When
attacking or thrown, it does 2d8 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it 
does 2d8 edged damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by
wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


an Awl-Pike
-----------
This Polearm weighs 16.0 lbs.  It does x4 damage when charging.  When
attacking or thrown, it does 1d8 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it 
does 1d8 edged damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by
wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Bastard Sword
---------------
This Sword weighs 14.0 lbs.  It does x4 damage when charging.  When
attacking or thrown, it does 3d4 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it 
does 3d4 edged damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by
wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Flail
-------
This Hafted Weapon weighs 15.0 lbs.  It does x4 damage when charging.  
When attacking or thrown, it does 2d6 blunt damage.  When set in a trap,
it does 2d6 blunt damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by
wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Pike
------
This Polearm weighs 16.0 lbs.  It does x4 damage when charging.  When
attacking or thrown, it does 2d5 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it 
does 2d5 edged damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by
wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Glaive
--------
This Polearm weighs 19.0 lbs.  It does x5 damage when charging.  When
attacking or thrown, it does 2d6 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it 
does 2d6 edged damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by
wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Lucerne Hammer
----------------
This Hafted Weapon weighs 12.0 lbs.  It does x3 damage when charging.  
When attacking or thrown, it does 2d5 blunt damage.  When set in a trap,
it does 2d5 blunt damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by
wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Morning Star
--------------
This Hafted Weapon weighs 15.0 lbs.  It does x4 damage when charging.  
When attacking or thrown, it does 2d6 blunt damage.  When set in a trap,
it does 2d6 blunt damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by
wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Katana
--------
This Sword weighs 12.0 lbs.  It does x3 damage when charging.  When
attacking or thrown, it does 3d4 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it 
does 3d4 edged damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by
wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Beaked Axe
------------
This Polearm weighs 18.0 lbs.  It does x5 damage when charging.  When
attacking or thrown, it does 2d6 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it 
does 2d6 edged damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by
wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Halberd
---------
This Polearm weighs 19.0 lbs.  It does x5 damage when charging.  When
attacking or thrown, it does 3d5 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it 
does 3d5 edged damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by
wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Lance
-------
This Polearm weighs 33.0 lbs.  It does x10 damage when charging.  When
attacking or thrown, it does 3d8 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it 
does 3d8 edged damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by
wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Great Axe
-----------
This Polearm weighs 23.0 lbs.  It does x6 damage when charging.  When
attacking or thrown, it does 4d4 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it 
does 4d4 edged damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by
wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Lead-Filled Mace
------------------
This Hafted Weapon weighs 18.0 lbs.  It does x5 damage when charging.  
When attacking or thrown, it does 3d4 blunt damage.  When set in a trap,
it does 3d4 blunt damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by
wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Two-Handed Flail
------------------
This Hafted Weapon weighs 28.0 lbs.  It does x8 damage when charging.  
When attacking or thrown, it does 3d6 blunt damage.  When set in a trap,
it does 3d6 blunt damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by
wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Dwarven Pick
--------------
This Digger weighs 20.0 lbs.  You can dig pits with this to trap monsters.
It does x6 damage when charging.  It modifies tunneling.  It marks you as 
dwarven.  When attacking or thrown, it does 1d4 blunt damage.  It is of
average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything
about this item.  


a Mattock
---------
This Digger weighs 25.0 lbs.  You can dig pits with this to trap monsters.
It does x7 damage when charging.  It modifies tunneling.  When attacking
or thrown, it does 1d8 blunt damage.  It is of average quality, but may be
damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Lochaber Axe
--------------
This Polearm weighs 25.0 lbs.  It does x7 damage when charging.  When
attacking or thrown, it does 3d8 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it 
does 3d8 edged damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by
wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Two-Handed Sword
------------------
This Sword weighs 20.0 lbs.  It does x6 damage when charging.  When
attacking or thrown, it does 3d6 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it 
does 3d6 edged damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by
wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Scythe
--------
This Polearm weighs 25.0 lbs.  It does x7 damage when charging.  When
attacking or thrown, it does 5d3 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it 
does 5d3 edged damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by
wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


an Executioner's Sword
----------------------
This Sword weighs 26.0 lbs.  It does x7 damage when charging.  When
attacking or thrown, it does 4d5 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it 
does 4d5 edged damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by
wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Two-Handed Mace
-----------------
This Hafted Weapon weighs 24.0 lbs.  It does x7 damage when charging.  
When attacking or thrown, it does 4d4 blunt damage.  When set in a trap,
it does 4d4 blunt damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by
wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Scythe of Slicing
-------------------
This Polearm weighs 25.0 lbs.  It does x7 damage when charging.  When
attacking or thrown, it does 8d4 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it 
does 8d4 edged damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by
wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Blade of Chaos
----------------
This Sword weighs 18.0 lbs.  It does x5 damage when charging.  It provides
resistance to chaos.  It protects you from hallucination.  When attacking
or thrown, it does 6d5 edged damage.  When set in a trap, it does 6d5 
edged damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and
tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Mace of Disruption
--------------------
This Hafted Weapon weighs 40.0 lbs.  It does x12 damage when charging.  It
does x3 damage against undead.  When attacking or thrown, it does 5d8 
blunt damage.  When set in a trap, it does 5d8 blunt damage.  It is of
average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything
about this item.  




Armour (Body)
-------------

a Filthy Rag
------------
This Soft Armor weighs 2.0 lbs.  It is of average quality, but may be
damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Robe
------
This Soft Armor weighs 2.0 lbs.  It increases your armor class by 2.  It
is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  You know
everything about this item.  


Soft Leather Armour
-------------------
This Soft Armor weighs 8.0 lbs.  It increases your armor class by 4.  It
is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  You know
everything about this item.  


Soft Studded Leather
--------------------
This Soft Armor weighs 9.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  
It increases your armor class by 5.  It is of average quality, but may be
damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


Hard Leather Armour
-------------------
This Soft Armor weighs 10.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  
It increases your armor class by 6.  It is of average quality, but may be
damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


Hard Studded Leather
--------------------
This Soft Armor weighs 11.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d2 blunt damage.  
It increases your armor class by 7.  It is of average quality, but may be
damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


Leather Scale Mail
------------------
This Soft Armor weighs 14.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d2 blunt damage.  
It increases your armor class by 10.  It is of average quality, but may be
damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


Metal Scale Mail
----------------
This Hard Armor weighs 25.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d4 blunt damage.  
It increases your armor class by 15.  It is of average quality, but may be
damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


Rusty Chain Mail
----------------
This Hard Armor weighs 20.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d4 blunt damage.  
It increases your armor class by 6.  It is of average quality, but may be
damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


Brigandine Armour
-----------------
This Hard Armor weighs 17.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d4 blunt damage.  
It increases your armor class by 12.  It is of average quality, but may be
damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


Chain Mail
----------
This Hard Armor weighs 22.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d4 blunt damage.  
It increases your armor class by 14.  It is of average quality, but may be
damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


Double Chain Mail
-----------------
This Hard Armor weighs 25.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d4 blunt damage.  
It increases your armor class by 16.  It is of average quality, but may be
damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


Augmented Chain Mail
--------------------
This Hard Armor weighs 27.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d4 blunt damage.  
It increases your armor class by 16.  It is of average quality, but may be
damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


Segmented Plate Mail
--------------------
This Hard Armor weighs 29.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d4 blunt damage.  
It increases your armor class by 19.  It is of average quality, but may be
damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


Partial Plate Armour
--------------------
This Hard Armor weighs 26.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d6 blunt damage.  
It increases your armor class by 22.  It is of average quality, but may be
damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


Laminated Plate Armour
----------------------
This Hard Armor weighs 34.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d6 blunt damage.  
It increases your armor class by 23.  It is of average quality, but may be
damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


Full Plate Armour
-----------------
This Hard Armor weighs 38.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 2d4 blunt damage.  
It increases your armor class by 25.  It is of average quality, but may be
damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


Imperial Plate Armour
---------------------
This Hard Armor weighs 38.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 2d4 blunt damage.  
It increases your armor class by 28.  It is of average quality, but may be
damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


Mithril Chain Mail
------------------
This Hard Armor weighs 15.0 lbs.  It is not damaged by acid.  When thrown,
it does 1d4 blunt damage.  It increases your armor class by 28.  It is of
average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything
about this item.  


Mithril Plate Armour
--------------------
This Hard Armor weighs 30.0 lbs.  It is not damaged by acid.  When thrown,
it does 2d4 blunt damage.  It increases your armor class by 35.  It is of
average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything
about this item.  


Adamantite Plate Armour
-----------------------
This Hard Armor weighs 42.0 lbs.  It is not damaged by acid.  When thrown,
it does 2d4 blunt damage.  It increases your armor class by 40.  It is of
average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything
about this item.  


Bronze Dragon Scale Mail
------------------------
This Dragon Scale Mail weighs 20.0 lbs.  It provides resistance to fire
 and powerful confusion.  It protects you from confusion.  It is not
damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It marks you as 
draconic.  When thrown, it does 2d4 blunt damage.  When activated, it 
provides temporary fire resistance for 1d20+20 turns, and breathes to burn
 your enemies for 200 damage, or cures you of confusion, and breathes to 
confuse your enemies for 120 damage, recharging in d450 turns.  When set
in a trap, it burns one target for 200 damage, or confuses one target for
120 damage, recharging in d450 turns.  It increases your armor class by
40.  It is of average quality or better, and not cursed.  It may be an ego
item or artifact.  You know everything about this item.  


Copper Dragon Scale Mail
------------------------
This Dragon Scale Mail weighs 20.0 lbs.  It provides resistance to 
electricity and nexus.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold
 and water.  It marks you as draconic.  When thrown, it does 2d4 blunt
 damage.  When activated, it provides temporary lightning resistance for
1d20+20 turns, and breathes to electrify your enemies for 100 damage, or 
breathes to blast your enemies with nexus for 90 damage, recharging in
d450 turns.  When set in a trap, it electrifys one target for 100 damage,
or blasts one target with nexus for 90 damage, recharging in d450 turns.  
It increases your armor class by 40.  It is of average quality or better,
and not cursed.  It may be an ego item or artifact.  You know everything
about this item.  


Silver Dragon Scale Mail
------------------------
This Dragon Scale Mail weighs 20.0 lbs.  It provides resistance to cold
 and fear.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  
It marks you as draconic.  When thrown, it does 2d4 blunt damage.  When
activated, it provides temporary cold resistance for 1d20+20 turns, and 
breathes to freeze your enemies for 115 damage, or cures you of fear and 
petrification, and breathes to terrify your enemies for 110 damage,
recharging in d450 turns.  When set in a trap, it freezes one target for
115 damage, or terrifys one target for 110 damage, recharging in d450
turns.  It increases your armor class by 40.  It is of average quality or
better, and not cursed.  It may be an ego item or artifact.  You know
everything about this item.  


Black Dragon Scale Mail
-----------------------
This Dragon Scale Mail weighs 20.0 lbs.  It provides resistance to acid.  
It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It marks
you as draconic.  When thrown, it does 2d4 blunt damage.  When activated,
it provides temporary acid resistance for 1d20+20 turns, and breathes to 
dissolve your enemies for 130 damage, recharging in d450 turns.  When set
in a trap, it dissolves one target for 130 damage, recharging in d450
turns.  It increases your armor class by 40.  It is of average quality or
better, and not cursed.  It may be an ego item or artifact.  You know
everything about this item.  


Blue Dragon Scale Mail
----------------------
This Dragon Scale Mail weighs 20.0 lbs.  It provides resistance to 
electricity.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water
.  It marks you as draconic.  When thrown, it does 2d4 blunt damage.  When
activated, it provides temporary lightning resistance for 1d20+20 turns,
and breathes to electrify your enemies for 100 damage, recharging in d450
turns.  When set in a trap, it electrifys one target for 100 damage,
recharging in d450 turns.  It increases your armor class by 40.  It is of
average quality or better, and not cursed.  It may be an ego item or
artifact.  You know everything about this item.  


White Dragon Scale Mail
-----------------------
This Dragon Scale Mail weighs 20.0 lbs.  It provides resistance to cold.  
It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It marks
you as draconic.  When thrown, it does 2d4 blunt damage.  When activated,
it provides temporary cold resistance for 1d20+20 turns, and breathes to 
freeze your enemies for 115 damage, recharging in d450 turns.  When set in
a trap, it freezes one target for 115 damage, recharging in d450 turns.  
It increases your armor class by 40.  It is of average quality or better,
and not cursed.  It may be an ego item or artifact.  You know everything
about this item.  


Red Dragon Scale Mail
---------------------
This Dragon Scale Mail weighs 20.0 lbs.  It provides resistance to fire.  
It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It marks
you as draconic.  When thrown, it does 2d4 blunt damage.  When activated,
it provides temporary fire resistance for 1d20+20 turns, and breathes to 
burn your enemies for 200 damage, recharging in d450 turns.  When set in a
trap, it burns one target for 200 damage, recharging in d450 turns.  It
increases your armor class by 40.  It is of average quality or better, and
not cursed.  It may be an ego item or artifact.  You know everything about
this item.  


Brass Dragon Scale Mail
-----------------------
This Dragon Scale Mail weighs 20.0 lbs.  It provides resistance to acid
 and disenchantment.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold
 and water.  It marks you as draconic.  When thrown, it does 2d4 blunt
 damage.  When activated, it provides temporary acid resistance for
1d20+20 turns, and breathes to dissolve your enemies for 130 damage, or 
breathes to blast your enemies with disenchantment for 100 damage,
recharging in d450 turns.  When set in a trap, it dissolves one target for
130 damage, or blasts one target with disenchantment for 100 damage,
recharging in d450 turns.  It increases your armor class by 40.  It is of
average quality or better, and not cursed.  It may be an ego item or
artifact.  You know everything about this item.  


Green Dragon Scale Mail
-----------------------
This Dragon Scale Mail weighs 20.0 lbs.  It provides resistance to poison.
It protects you from the effects of poison.  It is not damaged by acid, 
electricity, fire, cold and water.  It marks you as draconic.  When
thrown, it does 2d4 blunt damage.  When activated, it provides temporary 
poison resistance for 1d20+20 turns, and breathes to poison your enemies
 for 150 damage, recharging in d450 turns.  When set in a trap, it poisons
 one target for 150 damage, recharging in d450 turns.  It increases your
armor class by 40.  It is of average quality or better, and not cursed. 
It may be an ego item or artifact.  You know everything about this item.  


Ethereal Dragon Scale Mail
--------------------------
This Dragon Scale Mail weighs 20.0 lbs.  It provides resistance to 
powerful light, powerful darkness and powerful confusion.  It protects you
from confusion.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and 
water.  It marks you as draconic.  When thrown, it does 2d4 blunt damage.  
When activated, it cures you of confusion, and breathes to confuse your
enemies for 120 damage, or blinds you for 1d20+20 turns, and breathes to 
blast your enemies with powerful darkness for 200 damage, or cures you of 
blindness, and breathes to blast your enemies with powerful light for 150 
damage, recharging in d300 turns.  When set in a trap, it confuses one
target for 120 damage, or blasts one target with powerful darkness for 200 
damage, or blasts one target with powerful light for 150 damage,
recharging in d300 turns.  It increases your armor class by 40.  It is of
average quality or better, and not cursed.  It may be an ego item or
artifact.  You know everything about this item.  


Gold Dragon Scale Mail
----------------------
This Dragon Scale Mail weighs 20.0 lbs.  It provides resistance to poison
 and sound.  It protects you from the effects of poison and stunning.  It
is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It marks you as
 draconic.  When thrown, it does 2d4 blunt damage.  When activated, it 
provides temporary poison resistance for 1d20+20 turns, and breathes to 
poison your enemies for 150 damage, or cures you of stun damage, and 
breathes to deafen your enemies for 130 damage, recharging in d450 turns.  
When set in a trap, it poisons one target for 150 damage, or deafens one
target for 130 damage, recharging in d450 turns.  It increases your armor
class by 40.  It is of average quality or better, and not cursed.  It may
be an ego item or artifact.  You know everything about this item.  


Law Dragon Scale Mail
---------------------
This Dragon Scale Mail weighs 20.0 lbs.  It provides resistance to sound
 and shards.  It protects you from stunning and cuts.  It is not damaged by
 acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It marks you as draconic.  When
thrown, it does 2d4 blunt damage.  When activated, it cures you of stun
damage, and breathes to deafen your enemies for 130 damage, or cures you
of cuts, and breathes to blast your enemies with shards for 230 damage,
recharging in d300 turns.  When set in a trap, it deafens one target for
130 damage, or blasts one target with shards for 230 damage, recharging in
d300 turns.  It increases your armor class by 40.  It is of average
quality or better, and not cursed.  It may be an ego item or artifact.  
You know everything about this item.  


Chaos Dragon Scale Mail
-----------------------
This Dragon Scale Mail weighs 20.0 lbs.  It provides resistance to chaos
 and disenchantment.  It protects you from hallucination.  It is not
damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It marks you as 
draconic.  When thrown, it does 2d4 blunt damage.  When activated, it 
breathes to blast your enemies with disenchantment for 100 damage, or 
cures you of hallucinations, and breathes to blast your enemies with chaos
 for 220 damage, recharging in d300 turns.  When set in a trap, it blasts 
one target with disenchantment for 100 damage, or blasts one target with
chaos for 220 damage, recharging in d300 turns.  It increases your armor
class by 40.  It is of average quality or better, and not cursed.  It may
be an ego item or artifact.  You know everything about this item.  


Balance Dragon Scale Mail
-------------------------
This Dragon Scale Mail weighs 20.0 lbs.  It provides resistance to sound, 
shards, chaos and disenchantment.  It protects you from stunning, cuts and 
hallucination.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and 
water.  It marks you as draconic.  When thrown, it does 2d4 blunt damage.  
When activated, it cures you of stun damage, and breathes to deafen your
enemies for 130 damage, or breathes to blast your enemies with
disenchantment for 100 damage, or cures you of hallucinations, and 
breathes to blast your enemies with chaos for 220 damage, or cures you of 
cuts, and breathes to blast your enemies with shards for 230 damage,
recharging in d300 turns.  When set in a trap, it deafens one target for
130 damage, or blasts one target with disenchantment for 100 damage, or 
blasts one target with chaos for 220 damage, or blasts one target with
shards for 230 damage, recharging in d300 turns.  It increases your armor
class by 40.  It is of average quality or better, and not cursed.  It may
be an ego item or artifact.  You know everything about this item.  


Multi-Hued Dragon Scale Mail
----------------------------
This Dragon Scale Mail weighs 20.0 lbs.  It provides resistance to acid, 
electricity, fire, cold and poison.  It protects you from the effects of
poison.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  It
marks you as draconic.  When thrown, it does 2d4 blunt damage.  When
activated, it provides temporary lightning resistance for 1d20+20 turns,
and breathes to electrify your enemies for 100 damage, or provides
temporary cold resistance for 1d20+20 turns, and breathes to freeze your
enemies for 115 damage, or provides temporary acid resistance for 1d20+20
turns, and breathes to dissolve your enemies for 130 damage, or provides
temporary poison resistance for 1d20+20 turns, and breathes to poison your
enemies for 150 damage, or provides temporary fire resistance for 1d20+20
turns, and breathes to burn your enemies for 200 damage, recharging in
d225 turns.  When set in a trap, it electrifys one target for 100 damage,
or freezes one target for 115 damage, or dissolves one target for 130 
damage, or poisons one target for 150 damage, or burns one target for 200 
damage, recharging in d225 turns.  It increases your armor class by 40.  
It is of average quality or better, and not cursed.  It may be an ego item
or artifact.  You know everything about this item.  


Power Dragon Scale Mail
-----------------------
This Dragon Scale Mail weighs 20.0 lbs.  It provides resistance to acid, 
electricity, fire, cold, poison, powerful light, powerful darkness, 
powerful confusion, sound, shards, nexus, nether, chaos and disenchantment
.  It protects you from the effects of poison, stunning, cuts, 
hallucination and confusion.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire
, cold and water.  It marks you as draconic.  When thrown, it does 2d4 
blunt damage.  When activated, it breathes to blast your enemies with magic
 for 300 damage, recharging in d300 turns.  When set in a trap, it blasts 
one target with magic for 300 damage, recharging in d300 turns.  It
increases your armor class by 55.  It is of average quality or better, and
not cursed.  It may be an ego item or artifact.  You know everything about
this item.  




Armour (Misc)
-------------

a Cloak
-------
This Cloak weighs 1.0 lbs.  It increases your armor class by 1.  It is of
average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything
about this item.  


a Set of Leather Gloves
-----------------------
This set of Gloves weighs 0.5 lbs.  It increases your armor class by 1.  
It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  You know
everything about this item.  


a Pair of Leather Sandals
-------------------------
This set of Boots weighs 1.5 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d2 blunt damage.  
It increases your armor class by 1.  It is of average quality, but may be
damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Pair of Soft Leather Boots
----------------------------
This set of Boots weighs 2.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d2 blunt damage.  
It increases your armor class by 2.  It is of average quality, but may be
damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Hard Leather Cap
------------------
This Helm weighs 1.5 lbs.  It increases your armor class by 2.  It is of
average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything
about this item.  


a Pair of Hard Leather Boots
----------------------------
This set of Boots weighs 4.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d3 blunt damage.  
It increases your armor class by 3.  It is of average quality, but may be
damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Small Leather Shield
----------------------
This Shield weighs 5.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  It
increases your armor class by 2.  It is of average quality, but may be
damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Metal Cap
-----------
This Helm weighs 2.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  It
increases your armor class by 3.  It is of average quality, but may be
damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


Tabard
------
This Cloak weighs 7.5 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  It
increases your armor class by 3.  It is of average quality, but may be
damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Set of Gauntlets
------------------
This set of Gloves weighs 2.5 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.
It increases your armor class by 2.  It is of average quality, but may be
damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Small Metal Shield
--------------------
This Shield weighs 6.5 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d2 blunt damage.  It
increases your armor class by 3.  It is of average quality, but may be
damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Pair of Metal Shod Boots
--------------------------
This set of Boots weighs 8.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d4 blunt damage.  
It increases your armor class by 6.  It is of average quality, but may be
damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Barbut
--------
This Helm weighs 4.5 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d2 blunt damage.  It
increases your armor class by 4.  It is of average quality, but may be
damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


an Iron Helm
------------
This Helm weighs 7.5 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d3 blunt damage.  It
increases your armor class by 5.  It is of average quality, but may be
damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Set of Cesti
--------------
This set of Gloves weighs 4.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d2 blunt damage.
It increases your armor class by 5.  It is of average quality, but may be
damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Large Leather Shield
----------------------
This Shield weighs 10.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d2 blunt damage.  It
increases your armor class by 4.  It is of average quality, but may be
damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


Leather Coat
------------
This Cloak weighs 10.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  It
increases your armor class by 5.  It is of average quality, but may be
damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


Riveted Leather Coat
--------------------
This Cloak weighs 15.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d2 blunt damage.  It
increases your armor class by 8.  It is of average quality, but may be
damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Large Metal Shield
--------------------
This Shield weighs 12.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d3 blunt damage.  It
increases your armor class by 5.  It is of average quality, but may be
damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Steel Helm
------------
This Helm weighs 6.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d3 blunt damage.  It
increases your armor class by 6.  It is of average quality, but may be
damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


an Iron Crown
-------------
This Crown weighs 2.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  It is
of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  You know
everything about this item.  


Chain Mail Coat
---------------
This Cloak weighs 22.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d4 blunt damage.  It
increases your armor class by 13.  It is of average quality, but may be
damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Golden Crown
--------------
This Crown weighs 3.0 lbs.  It is not damaged by acid.  When thrown, it 
does 1d1 blunt damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by
wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Pair of Dwarven Boots
-----------------------
This set of Boots weighs 4.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d6 blunt damage.  
It increases your armor class by 5.  It is of average quality, but may be
damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Jewel Encrusted Crown
-----------------------
This Crown weighs 4.0 lbs.  It is not damaged by acid.  When thrown, it 
does 1d1 blunt damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by
wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Shadow Cloak
--------------
This Cloak weighs 0.5 lbs.  It increases your armor class by 10.  It is of
good quality, but with no additional powers.  You know everything about
this item.  


a Shield of Deflection
----------------------
This Shield weighs 10.0 lbs.  It is not damaged by acid.  When thrown, it 
does 1d3 blunt damage.  It increases your armor class by 20.  It is of
average quality or better, and not cursed.  It may be an ego item or
artifact.  You know everything about this item.  


a Dragon Helm
-------------
This Helm weighs 5.0 lbs.  It provides resistance to acid, electricity, 
fire and cold.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire and cold.  
When thrown, it does 1d3 blunt damage.  It increases your armor class by
8.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  You
know everything about this item.  




Amulets
-------

an Amulet of Teleportation
--------------------------
This Amulet weighs 0.3 lbs.  It burdens you with random teleportation.  
You know everything about this item.  


an Amulet of Doom
-----------------
This Amulet weighs 0.3 lbs.  It modifies all stats.  When thrown, it does
1d3 blunt damage.  You know everything about this item.  


an Amulet of Infravision
------------------------
This Amulet weighs 0.3 lbs.  It modifies infravision.  You know everything
about this item.  


an Amulet of Slow Digestion
---------------------------
This Amulet weighs 0.3 lbs.  It gives its wielder slow digestion.  You
know everything about this item.  


an Amulet of Resist Lightning
-----------------------------
This Amulet weighs 0.3 lbs.  It provides resistance to electricity.  It is
not damaged by electricity.  You know everything about this item.  


an Amulet of Resist Acid
------------------------
This Amulet weighs 0.3 lbs.  It provides resistance to acid.  It is not
damaged by acid.  You know everything about this item.  


an Amulet of Wisdom
-------------------
This Amulet weighs 0.3 lbs.  It modifies wisdom.  It sustains wisdom.  You
know everything about this item.  


an Amulet of Charisma
---------------------
This Amulet weighs 0.3 lbs.  It modifies charisma.  It sustains charisma.  
You know everything about this item.  


an Amulet of Searching
----------------------
This Amulet weighs 0.3 lbs.  It modifies searching.  You know everything
about this item.  


an Amulet of Regeneration
-------------------------
This Amulet weighs 0.3 lbs.  You know everything about this item.  


an Amulet of Spell Resistance
-----------------------------
This Amulet weighs 0.3 lbs.  It modifies spell resistance.  You know
everything about this item.  


an Amulet of Device Mastery
---------------------------
This Amulet weighs 0.3 lbs.  It modifies magical devices.  You know
everything about this item.  


an Amulet of the Serpents
-------------------------
This Amulet weighs 0.3 lbs.  It modifies dexterity and agility.  It
provides resistance to poison.  It protects you from the effects of poison
.  When activated, it creates a storm of radius 3 to poison your enemies
 for 70 damageYou know everything about this item.  


an Amulet of Resistance
-----------------------
This Amulet weighs 0.3 lbs.  It provides resistance to acid, electricity, 
fire and cold.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and 
water.  You know everything about this item.  


an Amulet of ESP
----------------
This Amulet weighs 0.3 lbs.  It modifies searching.  It gives its wielder 
telepathy.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  
You know everything about this item.  


an Amulet of the Magi
---------------------
This Amulet weighs 0.3 lbs.  It modifies searching.  It sustains 
intelligence and wisdom.  It protects you from paralysis and magical
slowness.  It gives its wielder see invisible.  It is not damaged by acid, 
electricity, fire, cold and water.  It increases your armor class by 3.  
You know everything about this item.  


an Amulet of Devotion
---------------------
This Amulet weighs 0.3 lbs.  It modifies wisdom, charisma and light radius
.  It sustains wisdom and charisma.  It provides resistance to fire, 
powerful light, powerful darkness and losing experience.  You know
everything about this item.  


an Amulet of Weaponmastery
--------------------------
This Amulet weighs 0.3 lbs.  It modifies strength and size.  It sustains 
strength and size and constitution.  It provides resistance to fear and 
disenchantment.  It protects you from paralysis and magical slowness.  You
know everything about this item.  


an Amulet of Trickery
---------------------
This Amulet weighs 0.3 lbs.  It modifies stealth, searching, infravision
 and speed.  It provides resistance to poison and nexus.  It protects you
from the effects of poison.  You know everything about this item.  




Rings
-----

a Ring of Teleportation
-----------------------
This Ring weighs 0.2 lbs.  It burdens you with random teleportation.  You
know everything about this item.  


a Ring of Weakness
------------------
This Ring weighs 0.2 lbs.  It modifies strength and size.  You know
everything about this item.  


a Ring of Stupidity
-------------------
This Ring weighs 0.2 lbs.  It modifies intelligence.  You know everything
about this item.  


a Ring of Aggravate Monster
---------------------------
This Ring weighs 0.2 lbs.  It burdens you with aggravation.  When thrown,
it does 1d1 blunt damage.  You know everything about this item.  


a Ring of Woe
-------------
This Ring weighs 0.2 lbs.  It modifies wisdom and charisma.  It burdens
you with random teleportation.  You know everything about this item.  


a Ring of Feather Falling
-------------------------
This Ring weighs 0.2 lbs.  It gives its wielder feather falling.  You know
everything about this item.  


a Ring of Searching
-------------------
This Ring weighs 0.2 lbs.  It modifies searching.  You know everything
about this item.  


a Ring of Resist Fire
---------------------
This Ring weighs 0.2 lbs.  It provides resistance to fire.  It is not
damaged by fire.  You know everything about this item.  


a Ring of Resist Cold
---------------------
This Ring weighs 0.2 lbs.  It provides resistance to cold.  It is not
damaged by cold.  You know everything about this item.  


a Ring of Sustain Strength and Size
-----------------------------------
This Ring weighs 0.2 lbs.  It sustains strength and size.  You know
everything about this item.  


a Ring of Sustain Intelligence and Wisdom
-----------------------------------------
This Ring weighs 0.2 lbs.  It sustains intelligence and wisdom.  You know
everything about this item.  


a Ring of Sustain Constitution and Charisma
-------------------------------------------
This Ring weighs 0.2 lbs.  It sustains constitution and charisma.  You
know everything about this item.  


a Ring of Sustain Dexterity and Agility
---------------------------------------
This Ring weighs 0.2 lbs.  It sustains dexterity and agility.  You know
everything about this item.  


a Ring of See Invisible
-----------------------
This Ring weighs 0.2 lbs.  It gives its wielder see invisible.  You know
everything about this item.  


a Ring of Free Action
---------------------
This Ring weighs 0.2 lbs.  It protects you from paralysis and magical
slowness.  You know everything about this item.  


a Ring of Protection
--------------------
This Ring weighs 0.2 lbs.  You know everything about this item.  


a Ring of Strength and Size
---------------------------
This Ring weighs 0.2 lbs.  It modifies strength and size.  It sustains 
strength and size.  You know everything about this item.  


a Ring of Dexterity and Agility
-------------------------------
This Ring weighs 0.2 lbs.  It modifies dexterity and agility.  It sustains
 dexterity and agility.  You know everything about this item.  


a Ring of Constitution
----------------------
This Ring weighs 0.2 lbs.  It modifies constitution.  It sustains 
constitution.  You know everything about this item.  


a Ring of Intelligence
----------------------
This Ring weighs 0.2 lbs.  It modifies intelligence.  It sustains 
intelligence.  You know everything about this item.  


a Ring of Damage
----------------
This Ring weighs 0.2 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d2 blunt damage.  You
know everything about this item.  


a Ring of Accuracy
------------------
This Ring weighs 0.2 lbs.  You know everything about this item.  


a Ring of Sustain Mind
----------------------
This Ring weighs 0.2 lbs.  It sustains intelligence, wisdom and dexterity
and agility.  You know everything about this item.  


a Ring of Sustain Body
----------------------
This Ring weighs 0.2 lbs.  It sustains strength and size, constitution and 
charisma.  You know everything about this item.  


a Ring of Slaying
-----------------
This Ring weighs 0.2 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d3 blunt damage.  You
know everything about this item.  


a Ring of Flames
----------------
This Ring weighs 0.2 lbs.  It provides resistance to fire.  It is not
damaged by fire.  When activated, it provides temporary fire resistance
 for 1d20+20 turns, and creates a ball of radius 2 to burn your enemies
 for 80 damageYou know everything about this item.  


a Ring of Acid
--------------
This Ring weighs 0.2 lbs.  It provides resistance to acid.  It is not
damaged by acid.  When activated, it provides temporary acid resistance
 for 1d20+20 turns, and creates a ball of radius 2 to dissolve your enemies
 for 70 damageYou know everything about this item.  


a Ring of Ice
-------------
This Ring weighs 0.2 lbs.  It provides resistance to cold.  It is not
damaged by cold.  When activated, it provides temporary cold resistance
 for 1d20+20 turns, and creates a ball of radius 2 to freeze your enemies
 for 85 damageYou know everything about this item.  


a Ring of Lightning
-------------------
This Ring weighs 0.2 lbs.  It provides resistance to electricity.  It is
not damaged by electricity.  When activated, it provides temporary 
lightning resistance for 1d20+20 turns, and creates a ball of radius 2 to 
electrify your enemies for 75 damageYou know everything about this item.  


a Ring of Resist Poison
-----------------------
This Ring weighs 0.2 lbs.  It provides resistance to poison.  It protects
you from the effects of poison.  You know everything about this item.  


a Ring of Sustaining
--------------------
This Ring weighs 0.2 lbs.  It sustains all stats.  You know everything
about this item.  


a Ring of Speed
---------------
This Ring weighs 0.2 lbs.  It modifies speed.  You know everything about
this item.  




Scrolls
-------

a Scroll of Summon Monster
--------------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it summons monsters.  You know
everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Darkness
--------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it plunges the room you are in
into darkness, and plunges into darkness you and all enemies adjacent to
you.  When set in a trap, it plunges into darkness one target.  You know
everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Aggravate Monster
-----------------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it wakes up nearby monsters and
hastes those in line of sight.  You know everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Trap Creation
-------------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it creates traps around all
enemies adjacent to you.  When set in a trap, it creates traps around one
target.  You know everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Summon Undead
-------------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it summons monsters.  You know
everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Curse Weapon
------------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it curses your weapon.  You know
everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Curse Armor
-----------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it curses your armor.  You know
everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Satisfy Hunger
--------------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it cures you of hunger.  You know
everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Light
-----------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it lights up the room you are in,
and surrounds you with magic of radius 1 to light up for 2d8 damage to
monsters vulnerable to light.  When set in a trap, it lights up one target
 for 2d8 damage to monsters vulnerable to light.  You know everything
about this item.  


a Scroll of Treasure Detection
------------------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it detects all gold, including
hidden treasures within 40 grids.  You know everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Object Detection
----------------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it detects all objects, including
hidden objects within 40 grids.  You know everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Phase Door
----------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it teleports you away for 10 
distance on average.  When set in a trap, it teleports one target away for
10 distance on average.  You know everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Detect Life
-----------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it detects all living monsters
 within 40 grids.  You know everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Blessing
--------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it blesses you for 1d12+12 turns.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Sense Magic
-----------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it can sense the general power
level on one unknown item.  You know everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Value Magic
-----------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it can identify the value on one 
item.  You know everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Trap Detection
--------------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it detects all traps within 40
grids.  You know everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Door/Stair Location
-------------------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it detects all doors and stairs
 within 40 grids.  You know everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Magic Mapping
-------------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it maps your surroundings.  You
know everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Teleportation
-------------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it teleports you away for 125 
distance on average.  When set in a trap, it teleports one target away for
125 distance on average.  You know everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Holy Chant
----------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it blesses you for 1d24+24 turns.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Trap/Door Destruction
---------------------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it removes doors from all enemies
adjacent to you.  When set in a trap, it removes doors from one target.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Door Creation
-------------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it creates doors around all
enemies adjacent to you.  When set in a trap, it creates doors around one
target.  You know everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Escape
------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it pushes you through floor or
ceiling.  You know everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Protection from Evil
--------------------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it protects your from evil monsters
 for 1d25 turns.  You know everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Read Magic
----------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it can identify the kind, ego-item
and artifact names and all bonuses on one Scroll.  You know everything
about this item.  


a Scroll of Analyze Magic
-------------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it can identify the kind, ego-item
and artifact names and all bonuses on one Potion.  You know everything
about this item.  


a Scroll of Gauge Magic
-----------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it can identify the bonuses to
hit, damage and armour class and the number of charges on one weapon, 
wearable item, wand or staff as appropriate.  You know everything about
this item.  


a Scroll of Opening
-------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it removes doors from all enemies
adjacent to you.  When set in a trap, it removes doors from one target.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Holy Prayer
-----------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it blesses you for 1d48+48 turns.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Detect Curse
------------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it detects all cursed objects, and
senses their power within 40 grids, and will identify curses on all cursed
items in your pack.  You know everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Detect Magic
------------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it detects all magic objects, and
senses their power within 40 grids, and will sense curses and the general
power level on all unknown items, cursed items or magic items in your pack
 as appropriate.  You know everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Enchant Weapon To-Hit
---------------------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it can enchant one weapon or 
missile to improve accuracy to hit.  You know everything about this item.  



a Scroll of Enchant Weapon To-Dam
---------------------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it can enchant one weapon or 
missile to increase damage.  You know everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Enchant Armor
-------------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it can enchant one piece of armor
 to increase armor class.  You know everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Word of Recall
--------------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it returns you to the surface, or
teleports you into the depths.  You know everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Identify
--------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it can identify the kind, ego-item
and artifact names and all bonuses on one unknown item.  You know
everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Sanctuary
---------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it shields you for 1d4+4 turns,
and sends all enemies adjacent to you to sleep for 25 power.  When set in
a trap, it sends one target to sleep for 25 power.  You know everything
about this item.  


a Scroll of Test Magic
----------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it can identify a magical attribute
 on one unknown item or known item as appropriate.  You know everything
about this item.  


a Scroll of Dark Rituals
------------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it drains life from you for 20 
damage, and adds mana to you for 10d5 spell points.  When set in a trap,
it drains life from one target for 20 damage, and adds mana to one target
 for 10d5 spell points.  You know everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Concentration
-------------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it adds mana to you for 5d5 spell
points.  When set in a trap, it adds mana to one target for 5d5 spell
points.  You know everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Stair Creation
--------------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it creates a staircase under you.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Remove Curse
------------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it cures you of curses and bad luck
, and removes a normal curse from an item.  You know everything about this
item.  


a Scroll of Runic Magic
-----------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it can identify the types of runes
 on one item.  You know everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Hero's Prayer
-------------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it makes you heroic and blesses you
 for 1d48+48 turns, and cures you of fear and petrification, and heals you
 for 10 hit points.  When set in a trap, it heals one target for 10 hit
points.  You know everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Recharging
----------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it recharges one staff or wand for
60 power.  You know everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Dispel Undead
-------------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it dispels all your enemies in
line of sight if undead for 75 damage.  When set in a trap, it dispels one
target if undead for 75 damage.  You know everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Legend Lore
-----------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it can identify some hidden powers
 on one known item.  You know everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Shielding
---------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it shields you for 1d20+30 turns.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Feedback
--------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it makes you bleed, stuns you, 
blinds you, confuses you and makes you hallucinate for 1d5 turns, and 
blasts you and all enemies adjacent to you with nether for 3d6 damage, 
blasts you and all enemies adjacent to you with nexus for 3d6 damage, 
blasts you and all enemies adjacent to you with disenchantment for 3d6 
damage, and blasts you and all enemies adjacent to you with powerful light
 for 3d6 damage.  When set in a trap, it blasts one target with nether for
3d6 damage, blasts one target with nexus for 3d6 damage, blasts one target
 with disenchantment for 3d6 damage, and blasts one target with powerful
light for 3d6 damage.  You know everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Detection
---------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it detects all doors, traps, 
stairs, running water, gold, including hidden treasures, objects,
including hidden objects, visible monsters, evil monsters and living
monsters within 40 grids.  You know everything about this item.  


a Scroll of *Destruction*
-------------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it destroys a radius 15 area.  You
know everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Black Arts
----------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it drains life from you for 100 
damage, and adds mana to you for 15d5+50 spell points.  When set in a
trap, it drains life from one target for 100 damage, and adds mana to one
target for 15d5+50 spell points.  You know everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Acid Proofing
-------------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it can enchant one item to become
acidproof.  You know everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Water Proofing
--------------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it can enchant one item to become
waterproof.  You know everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Fire Proofing
-------------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it can enchant one item to become
fireproof.  You know everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Theft Proofing
--------------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it can enchant one item to become
theftproof.  You know everything about this item.  


a Scroll of *Enchant Weapon*
----------------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it can enchant one weapon or 
missile to improve accuracy to hit, increase damage and highly .  You know
everything about this item.  


a Scroll of *Enchant Armor*
---------------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it can enchant one piece of armor
 to increase armor class and highly .  You know everything about this
item.  


a Scroll of Bless Weapon
------------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it can enchant one weapon to 
become blessed.  You know everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Rune of Protection
------------------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it creates a glyph of warding
under you.  You know everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Poison Weapon
-------------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.4 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
read, it can enchant one weapon to become poisoned.  You know everything
about this item.  


a Scroll of Continual Light
---------------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it can enchant one item to become
lite.  You know everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Alter Reality
-------------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it cures you of time loss, and 
alters the level you are on.  You know everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Enchant Ammunition Brand
------------------------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it can enchant one missile to 
become branded.  You know everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Poison Bolts
------------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.4 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
read, it can enchant one missile to become poisoned.  You know everything
about this item.  


a Scroll of Banishment
----------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it allows you to remove a monster
type from a level (1d4 damage per monster).  You know everything about
this item.  


a Scroll of Mass Banishment
---------------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it removes all nearby monsters.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Scroll of *Identify*
----------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it can identify the kind, ego-item
and artifact names, all bonuses and all hidden powers on one unknown item
 or known item as appropriate and prevents you from magically forgetting
this information.  You know everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Cold Snap
---------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it freezes all your enemies in
line of sight for 50 damage.  When set in a trap, it freezes one target
 for 50 damage.  You know everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Enchant Weapon Brand
--------------------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it can enchant one weapon to 
become branded.  You know everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Vampirism
---------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it can enchant one weapon to 
become vampiric.  You know everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Acid Rain
---------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it dissolves all your enemies in
line of sight for 75 damage.  When set in a trap, it dissolves one target
 for 75 damage.  You know everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Immoliation
-----------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it burns all your enemies in line
of sight for 100 damage.  When set in a trap, it burns one target for 100 
damage.  You know everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Enchant Armor To-Resist
-----------------------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it can enchant one piece of armor
 to become high resist.  You know everything about this item.  


a Scroll of *Remove Curse*
--------------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it cures you of curses and 
Morgoth's curse, and removes all normal and some heavy curses from all
items you are wearing or wielding.  You know everything about this item.  


a Scroll of Acquirement
-----------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it creates an excellent, superb or
special item.  You know everything about this item.  


a Scroll of *Acquirement*
-------------------------
This Scroll weighs 0.5 lbs.  When read, it creates several excellent,
superb or special items.  You know everything about this item.  




Potions
-------

a Potion of Sleep
-----------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it paralyzes you for 1d4+4 turns, and cures you of narcolepsy, and sends 
you to sleep for 10 power.  When applied to coat an arrow, bolt, sword or
polearm, it hits to send one target to sleep for 2 power.  When thrown, it 
does 1d1 blunt damage and creates a ball of radius 1 to send your enemies 
to sleep for 10 power.  When set in a trap, it sends one target to sleep
 for 10 power.  You know everything about this item.  


a Potion of Blindness
---------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it blinds you for 1d200+200 turns, and blinds you for 20 power.  When
applied to coat an arrow, bolt, sword or polearm, it hits to blind one
target for 4 power.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage and creates a
ball of radius 1 to blind your enemies for 20 power.  When set in a trap,
it blinds one target for 20 power.  You know everything about this item.  


a Potion of Confusion
---------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it confuses you for 1d10+10 turns, and confuses you.  When applied to coat
an arrow, bolt, sword or polearm, it hits to confuse one target.  When
thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage and creates a ball of radius 1 to confuse
 your enemies.  When set in a trap, it confuses one target.  You know
everything about this item.  


a Potion of Salt Water
----------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it cures you of poison and leeches, and makes you weak from hunger, and 
affects one adjacent target for 2d6 damage.  When applied to coat an
arrow, bolt, sword or polearm, it hits to one target for 0-2 damage.  When
thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage and creates a ball of radius 1 to your
enemies for 2d6 damage.  When set in a trap, it affects one target for 2d6 
damage.  You know everything about this item.  


a Potion of Slowness
--------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it slows you for 1d10+10 turns, and slows you.  When applied to coat an
arrow, bolt, sword or polearm, it hits to slow one target.  When thrown,
it does 1d1 blunt damage and creates a ball of radius 1 to slow your
enemies.  When set in a trap, it slows one target.  You know everything
about this item.  


a Potion of Weakness
--------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it reduces strength and size from you.  When applied to coat an arrow,
bolt, sword or polearm, it hits to reduce strength and size from one target
.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage and creates a ball of radius 1 to
 reduce strength and size from your enemies.  When set in a trap, it 
reduces strength and size from one target.  You know everything about this
item.  


a Potion of Poison
------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it poisons you for 1d10+10 turns, and poisons you.  When applied to coat
an arrow, bolt, sword or polearm, it hits to poison one target.  When
thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage and creates a ball of radius 1 to poison 
your enemies.  When set in a trap, it poisons one target.  You know
everything about this item.  


a Potion of Clumsiness
----------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it reduces dexterity and agility from you.  When applied to coat an arrow,
bolt, sword or polearm, it hits to reduce dexterity and agility from one
target.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage and creates a ball of 
radius 1 to reduce dexterity and agility from your enemies.  When set in a
trap, it reduces dexterity and agility from one target.  You know
everything about this item.  


a Potion of Sickliness
----------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it reduces constitution from you.  When applied to coat an arrow, bolt,
sword or polearm, it hits to reduce constitution from one target.  When
thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage and creates a ball of radius 1 to reduce 
constitution from your enemies.  When set in a trap, it reduces 
constitution from one target.  You know everything about this item.  


a Potion of Lose Memories
-------------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it cures you of paranoia, and reduces intelligence from you, and forgets 
you.  When applied to coat an arrow, bolt, sword or polearm, it hits to 
reduce intelligence from one target, and hits to forget one target.  When
thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage and creates a ball of radius 1 to reduce 
intelligence from your enemies, and creates a ball of radius 1 to forget 
your enemies.  When set in a trap, it reduces intelligence from one target
, and forgets one target.  You know everything about this item.  


a Potion of Bloating
--------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When thrown, it 
does 1d1 blunt damage.  You know everything about this item.  


a Potion of Stupidity
---------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it reduces intelligence from you.  When applied to coat an arrow, bolt,
sword or polearm, it hits to reduce intelligence from one target.  When
thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage and creates a ball of radius 1 to reduce 
intelligence from your enemies.  When set in a trap, it reduces 
intelligence from one target.  You know everything about this item.  


a Potion of Naivety
-------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it reduces wisdom from you.  When applied to coat an arrow, bolt, sword or
polearm, it hits to reduce wisdom from one target.  When thrown, it does
1d1 blunt damage and creates a ball of radius 1 to reduce wisdom from your
enemies.  When set in a trap, it reduces wisdom from one target.  You know
everything about this item.  


a Potion of Ugliness
--------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it reduces charisma from you.  When applied to coat an arrow, bolt, sword
or polearm, it hits to reduce charisma from one target.  When thrown, it 
does 1d1 blunt damage and creates a ball of radius 1 to reduce charisma
from your enemies.  When set in a trap, it reduces charisma from one target
.  You know everything about this item.  


a Potion of Dragon's Venom
--------------------------
This Potion weighs 0.1 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it poisons you for 60 damage.  When applied to coat an arrow, bolt, sword
or polearm, it hits to poison one target for 12 damage.  When thrown, it 
does 1d1 blunt damage and creates a ball of radius 1 to poison your enemies
 for 60 damage.  When set in a trap, it poisons one target for 60 damage.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Potion of Ruination
---------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it cures you of unnatural parasites, and reduces all stats from you for
10d10 damage.  When applied to coat an arrow, bolt, sword or polearm, it 
hits to reduce all stats from one target for 2-20 damage.  When thrown, it 
does 1d1 blunt damage and creates a ball of radius 1 to reduce all stats
from your enemies for 10d10 damage.  When set in a trap, it reduces all
stats from one target for 10d10 damage.  You know everything about this
item.  


a Potion of Dragon's Storm
--------------------------
This Potion weighs 0.1 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it electrifys you for 100 damage.  When applied to coat an arrow, bolt,
sword or polearm, it hits to electrify one target for 20 damage.  When
thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage and creates a ball of radius 1 to 
electrify your enemies for 100 damage.  When set in a trap, it electrifys 
one target for 100 damage.  You know everything about this item.  


a Potion of Firebreath
----------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  It is not
damaged by fire.  When quaffed, it provides temporary fire resistance for
1d20+20 turns, and breathes to burn your enemies for 200 damage.  When
applied to coat an arrow, bolt, sword or polearm, it hits to burn one
target for 41-40 damage.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage and 
creates a ball of radius 1 to burn your enemies for 200 damage.  When set
in a trap, it burns one target for 200 damage.  You know everything about
this item.  


a Potion of Dragonbreath
------------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  It is not
damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When quaffed, it 
provides temporary lightning resistance for 1d20+20 turns, and breathes to
 electrify your enemies for 100 damage, or provides temporary cold
 resistance for 1d20+20 turns, and breathes to freeze your enemies for 115 
damage, or provides temporary acid resistance for 1d20+20 turns, and 
breathes to dissolve your enemies for 130 damage, or provides temporary 
poison resistance for 1d20+20 turns, and breathes to poison your enemies
 for 150 damage, or provides temporary fire resistance for 1d20+20 turns,
and breathes to burn your enemies for 200 damage.  When applied to coat an
arrow, bolt, sword or polearm, it hits to electrify one target for 20 
damage, or hits to freeze one target for 23 damage, or hits to dissolve 
one target for 26 damage, or hits to poison one target for 31-30 damage,
or hits to burn one target for 41-40 damage.  When thrown, it does 1d1 
blunt damage and creates a ball of radius 1 to electrify your enemies for
100 damage, or creates a ball of radius 1 to freeze your enemies for 115 
damage, or creates a ball of radius 1 to dissolve your enemies for 130 
damage, or creates a ball of radius 1 to poison your enemies for 150 
damage, or creates a ball of radius 1 to burn your enemies for 200 damage.
When set in a trap, it electrifys one target for 100 damage, or freezes 
one target for 115 damage, or dissolves one target for 130 damage, or 
poisons one target for 150 damage, or burns one target for 200 damage.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Potion of Undeath
-------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it drains life from you for 125 damage.  When applied to coat an arrow,
bolt, sword or polearm, it hits to drain life from one target for 25 
damage.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage and creates a ball of 
radius 1 to drain life from your enemies for 125 damage.  When set in a
trap, it drains life from one target for 125 damage.  You know everything
about this item.  


a Potion of Dragon's Frost
--------------------------
This Potion weighs 0.1 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it freezes you for 115 damage.  When applied to coat an arrow, bolt, sword
or polearm, it hits to freeze one target for 23 damage.  When thrown, it 
does 1d1 blunt damage and creates a ball of radius 1 to freeze your enemies
 for 115 damage.  When set in a trap, it freezes one target for 115 damage
.  You know everything about this item.  


a Potion of Dragon's Bile
-------------------------
This Potion weighs 0.1 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it dissolves you for 130 damage.  When applied to coat an arrow, bolt,
sword or polearm, it hits to dissolve one target for 26 damage.  When
thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage and creates a ball of radius 1 to 
dissolve your enemies for 130 damage.  When set in a trap, it dissolves 
one target for 130 damage.  You know everything about this item.  


a Potion of Dragon's Flame
--------------------------
This Potion weighs 0.1 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it burns you for 200 damage.  When applied to coat an arrow, bolt, sword
or polearm, it hits to burn one target for 41-40 damage.  When thrown, it 
does 1d1 blunt damage and creates a ball of radius 1 to burn your enemies
 for 200 damage.  When set in a trap, it burns one target for 200 damage.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Potion of Detonations
-----------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it makes you bleed and stuns you for 1d100 turns, and cures you of 
unnatural parasites, and affects you for 50d20 damage.  When applied to
coat an arrow, bolt, sword or polearm, it hits to one target for 10-200 
damage.  When thrown, it does 25d25 blunt damage and creates a ball of 
radius 1 to your enemies for 50d20 damage.  When set in a trap, it affects
 one target for 50d20 damage.  You know everything about this item.  


a Potion of Apple Juice
-----------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it cures you of thirst.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  You know
everything about this item.  


a Potion of Water
-----------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it cures you of thirst.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  You know
everything about this item.  


a Potion of Slime Mold Juice
----------------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When thrown, it 
does 1d1 blunt damage.  You know everything about this item.  


a Potion of Boldness
--------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it blasts you with holy magic for 1d4 damage, doubled against evil monsters
.  When applied to coat an arrow, bolt, sword or polearm, it hits to blast
 one target with holy magic.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage and 
creates a ball of radius 1 to blast your enemies with holy magic for 1d4 
damage, doubled against evil monsters.  When set in a trap, it blasts one
target with holy magic for 1d4 damage, doubled against evil monsters.  You
know everything about this item.  


a Potion of Cure Light Wounds
-----------------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it cures you of blindness, and heals you for 3d10 hit points.  When
applied to coat an arrow, bolt, sword or polearm, it hits to heal one
target for 0-6 hit points.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage and 
creates a ball of radius 1 to heal your enemies for 3d10 hit points.  When
set in a trap, it heals one target for 3d10 hit points.  You know
everything about this item.  


a Potion of Infra-vision
------------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it extends your infravision by 50 feet for 1d100+100 turns, and cures you
of magic mushrooms.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  You know
everything about this item.  


a Potion of Slow Poison
-----------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When thrown, it 
does 1d1 blunt damage.  You know everything about this item.  


a Potion of Resist Heat
-----------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it provides temporary fire resistance for 1d20+20 turns.  When thrown, it 
does 1d1 blunt damage.  You know everything about this item.  


a Potion of Resist Cold
-----------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it provides temporary cold resistance for 1d20+20 turns.  When thrown, it 
does 1d1 blunt damage.  You know everything about this item.  


a Potion of Heroism
-------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it makes you heroic for 1d20+20 turns, and cures you of fear, 
petrification and being stoned, and heals you for 10 hit points.  When
applied to coat an arrow, bolt, sword or polearm, it hits to heal one
target for 2 hit points.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage and 
creates a ball of radius 1 to heal your enemies for 10 hit points.  When
set in a trap, it heals one target for 10 hit points.  You know everything
about this item.  


a Potion of Cure Moderate Wounds
--------------------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it cures you of blindness, and partially cures you of cuts, and heals you
 for 5d10 hit points.  When applied to coat an arrow, bolt, sword or
polearm, it hits to heal one target for 1-10 hit points.  When thrown, it 
does 1d1 blunt damage and creates a ball of radius 1 to heal your enemies
 for 5d10 hit points.  When set in a trap, it heals one target for 5d10 
hit points.  You know everything about this item.  


a Potion of See Invisible
-------------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it allows you to see invisible monsters for 1d24+24 turns.  When thrown,
it does 1d1 blunt damage.  You know everything about this item.  


a Potion of Free Action
-----------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it protects you from paralysis and magical slowness for 1d24+24 turns, and 
cures you of slowness.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  You know
everything about this item.  


a Potion of Neutralize Poison
-----------------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it cures you of poison and green rot.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  You know everything about this item.  


a Potion of Berserk Strength
----------------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it makes you go berserk for 1d25+25 turns, and cures you of fear and 
petrification, and heals you for 30 hit points.  When applied to coat an
arrow, bolt, sword or polearm, it hits to heal one target for 6 hit points
.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage and creates a ball of radius 1 to
 heal your enemies for 30 hit points.  When set in a trap, it heals one
target for 30 hit points.  You know everything about this item.  


a Potion of Cure Serious Wounds
-------------------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it cures you of blindness, and partially cures you of confusion, cuts and 
stun damage, and heals you for 8d10 hit points.  When applied to coat an
arrow, bolt, sword or polearm, it hits to heal one target for 1-16 hit
points.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage and creates a ball of 
radius 1 to heal your enemies for 8d10 hit points.  When set in a trap, it 
heals one target for 8d10 hit points.  You know everything about this
item.  


a Potion of Resist Heat & Cold
------------------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it provides temporary fire and cold resistance for 1d10+10 turns.  When
thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  You know everything about this item.  


a Potion of Resist Acid
-----------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it provides temporary acid resistance for 1d20+20 turns.  When thrown, it 
does 1d1 blunt damage.  You know everything about this item.  


a Potion of Cure Minor Disease
------------------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it cures you of minor ailments.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Potion of Speed
-----------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it hastes you for 1d30+30 turns.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Potion of Cure Critical Wounds
--------------------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it cures you of cuts, stun damage, poison, blindness and confusion, and 
heals you for 12d10 hit points.  When applied to coat an arrow, bolt,
sword or polearm, it hits to heal one target for 2-24 hit points.  When
thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage and creates a ball of radius 1 to heal 
your enemies for 12d10 hit points.  When set in a trap, it heals one target
 for 12d10 hit points.  You know everything about this item.  


a Potion of Resist Lightning
----------------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it provides temporary lightning resistance for 1d20+20 turns, and cures
you of palsy.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  You know everything
about this item.  


a Potion of Restore Strength and Size
-------------------------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it cures you of fumblefinger, and restores your strength and size.  When
thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  You know everything about this item.  


a Potion of Restore Intelligence and Wisdom
-------------------------------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it cures you of black brain, and restores your intelligence and wisdom.  
When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  You know everything about this
item.  


a Potion of Restore Dexterity and Agility
-----------------------------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it cures you of fumblefinger, and restores your dexterity and agility.  
When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  You know everything about this
item.  


a Potion of Restore Constitution and Charisma
---------------------------------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it cures you of illweather, and restores your constitution and charisma.  
When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  You know everything about this
item.  


a Potion of Remove Fear & Poison
--------------------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it cures you of poison, fear and petrification.  When thrown, it does 1d1 
blunt damage.  You know everything about this item.  


a Potion of Cure Mortal Wounds
------------------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it cures you of cuts, stun damage, blindness and confusion, and heals you
 for 120 hit points.  When applied to coat an arrow, bolt, sword or
polearm, it hits to heal one target for 24 hit points.  When thrown, it 
does 1d1 blunt damage and creates a ball of radius 1 to heal your enemies
 for 120 hit points.  When set in a trap, it heals one target for 120 hit
points.  You know everything about this item.  


a Potion of Restore Mana
------------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it cures you of static, and adds mana to you for 500 spell points.  When
applied to coat an arrow, bolt, sword or polearm, it hits to add mana to 
one target for 100 spell points.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage
 and creates a ball of radius 1 to add mana to your enemies for 500 spell
points.  When set in a trap, it adds mana to one target for 500 spell
points.  You know everything about this item.  


a Potion of Resist Poison
-------------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it provides temporary poison resistance for 1d20+20 turns, and cures you
of poison.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  You know everything
about this item.  


a Potion of Strength and Size
-----------------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.   for 1d30+30
turnsWhen quaffed, it increases your strength and size, and restores your 
strength and size.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  You know
everything about this item.  


a Potion of Constitution and Charisma
-------------------------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.   for 1d30+30
turnsWhen quaffed, it increases your constitution and charisma, and 
restores your constitution and charisma.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  You know everything about this item.  


a Potion of Dexterity and Agility
---------------------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.   for 1d30+30
turnsWhen quaffed, it increases your dexterity and agility, and restores
your dexterity and agility.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  You
know everything about this item.  


a Potion of Cure Disease
------------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it cures you of magical maladies and minor ailments.  When thrown, it does
1d1 blunt damage.  You know everything about this item.  


a Potion of Intelligence and Wisdom
-----------------------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.   for 1d30+30
turnsWhen quaffed, it increases your intelligence and wisdom, and restores
your intelligence and wisdom.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  You
know everything about this item.  


a Potion of Restore Life Levels
-------------------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it restores your experience.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  You
know everything about this item.  


a Potion of Cure All Wounds
---------------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it cures you of cuts and stun damage, and heals you for 500 hit points.  
When applied to coat an arrow, bolt, sword or polearm, it hits to heal one
target for 100 hit points.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage and 
creates a ball of radius 1 to heal your enemies for 500 hit points.  When
set in a trap, it heals one target for 500 hit points.  You know
everything about this item.  


a Potion of Healing
-------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it cures you of cuts, stun damage, poison, blindness and confusion, and 
heals you for 300 hit points.  When applied to coat an arrow, bolt, sword
or polearm, it hits to heal one target for 60 hit points.  When thrown, it 
does 1d1 blunt damage and creates a ball of radius 1 to heal your enemies
 for 300 hit points.  When set in a trap, it heals one target for 300 hit
points.  You know everything about this item.  


a Potion of Enlightenment
-------------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it lights up and maps the entire level.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  You know everything about this item.  


a Potion of Restore Body
------------------------
This Potion weighs 0.1 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it restores your strength and size, constitution and charisma.  When
thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  You know everything about this item.  


a Potion of Resistance
----------------------
This Potion weighs 0.1 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it provides temporary fire, cold, acid, lightning and poison resistance
 for 1d20+20 turns.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  You know
everything about this item.  


a Potion of Restore Mind
------------------------
This Potion weighs 0.1 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it cures you of amnesia, and restores your intelligence, wisdom and 
dexterity and agility.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  You know
everything about this item.  


a Potion of *Cure All Wounds*
-----------------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it cures you of cuts and stun damage, and heals you for 1000 hit points.  
When applied to coat an arrow, bolt, sword or polearm, it hits to heal one
target for 200 hit points.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage and 
creates a ball of radius 1 to heal your enemies for 1000 hit points.  When
set in a trap, it heals one target for 1000 hit points.  You know
everything about this item.  


a Potion of *Healing*
---------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it cures you of cuts, stun damage, poison, blindness, confusion and hard
to treat viruses, and heals you for 1200 hit points.  When applied to coat
an arrow, bolt, sword or polearm, it hits to heal one target for 240 hit
points.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage and creates a ball of 
radius 1 to heal your enemies for 1200 hit points.  When set in a trap, it 
heals one target for 1200 hit points.  You know everything about this
item.  


a Potion of Cure Plague
-----------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it cures you of the plague.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  You
know everything about this item.  


a Potion of Self Knowledge
--------------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it cures you of wit loss, and reveals all knowledge of yourself.  When
thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  You know everything about this item.  


a Potion of Life
----------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it cures you of cuts, stun damage, poison, blindness, hallucinations, 
confusion, amnesia and hard to treat viruses, and restores your strength
and size, intelligence, wisdom, dexterity and agility, constitution and 
charisma, and heals you for 5000 hit points.  When applied to coat an
arrow, bolt, sword or polearm, it hits to heal one target for 1000 hit
points.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage and creates a ball of 
radius 1 to heal your enemies for 5000 hit points.  When set in a trap, it 
heals one target for 5000 hit points.  You know everything about this
item.  


a Potion of Experience
----------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it increases your experience.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  You
know everything about this item.  


a Potion of Augmentation
------------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.   for 1d50+50
turnsWhen quaffed, it increases your strength and size, intelligence, 
wisdom, dexterity and agility, constitution and charisma, and restores
your strength and size, intelligence, wisdom, dexterity and agility, 
constitution and charisma.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  You
know everything about this item.  


a Potion of *Enlightenment*
---------------------------
This Potion weighs 0.4 lbs.  It is balanced for throwing.  When quaffed,
it detects all doors, traps, stairs, gold, including hidden treasures and 
objects, including hidden objects within 40 grids, and will identify the
kind, ego-item and artifact names and all bonuses on all unknown items in
your pack for 1d50+50 turns, and increases your intelligence and wisdom,
and lights up and maps the entire level and reveals all knowledge of
yourself.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  You know everything
about this item.  




Food
----

a Mushroom of Blindness
-----------------------
This Food weighs 0.1 lbs.  When eaten, it provides nourishment and blinds
you for 1d200+200 turns, and blinds you for 20 power.  When eaten by
monsters, it helps them recover and blinds one target for 20 power.  When
applied to coat an arrow, bolt, sword or polearm, it hits to blind one
target for 4 power.  When set in a trap, it blinds one target for 20 power
.  You know everything about this item.  


a Mushroom of Paranoia
----------------------
This Food weighs 0.1 lbs.  When eaten, it provides nourishment and makes
you afraid for 1d10+10 turns, and scares you for 10 power.  When eaten by
monsters, it helps them recover and scares one target for 10 power.  When
applied to coat an arrow, bolt, sword or polearm, it hits to scare one
target for 2 power.  When set in a trap, it scares one target for 10 power
.  You know everything about this item.  


a Mushroom of Confusion
-----------------------
This Food weighs 0.1 lbs.  When eaten, it provides nourishment and 
confuses you for 1d10+10 turns, and confuses you.  When eaten by monsters,
it helps them recover and confuses one target.  When applied to coat an
arrow, bolt, sword or polearm, it hits to confuse one target.  When set in
a trap, it confuses one target.  You know everything about this item.  


a Mushroom of Poison
--------------------
This Food weighs 0.1 lbs.  When eaten, it provides nourishment and poisons
you for 1d10+10 turns, and poisons you.  When eaten by monsters, it helps
them recover and poisons one target.  When applied to coat an arrow, bolt,
sword or polearm, it hits to poison one target.  When set in a trap, it 
poisons one target.  You know everything about this item.  


a Mushroom of Hallucination
---------------------------
This Food weighs 0.1 lbs.  When eaten, it provides nourishment and makes
you hallucinate for 1d10+10 turns, and cures you of dementia, and space out
s you.  When eaten by monsters, it helps them recover and space outs one
target.  When applied to coat an arrow, bolt, sword or polearm, it hits to
 space out one target.  When set in a trap, it space outs one target.  You
know everything about this item.  


a Mushroom of Weakness
----------------------
This Food weighs 0.1 lbs.  When eaten, it provides nourishment and reduces
 strength and size from you for 6d6 damage.  When eaten by monsters, it 
helps them recover and reduces strength and size from one target for 6d6 
damage.  When applied to coat an arrow, bolt, sword or polearm, it hits to
 reduce strength and size from one target for 1-7 damage.  When set in a
trap, it reduces strength and size from one target for 6d6 damage.  You
know everything about this item.  


a Mushroom of Sickness
----------------------
This Food weighs 0.1 lbs.  When eaten, it provides nourishment and reduces
 constitution from you for 6d6 damage.  When eaten by monsters, it helps
them recover and reduces constitution from one target for 6d6 damage.  
When applied to coat an arrow, bolt, sword or polearm, it hits to reduce 
constitution from one target for 1-7 damage.  When set in a trap, it 
reduces constitution from one target for 6d6 damage.  You know everything
about this item.  


a Mushroom of Stupidity
-----------------------
This Food weighs 0.1 lbs.  When eaten, it provides nourishment and reduces
 intelligence from you for 8d6 damage.  When eaten by monsters, it helps
them recover and reduces intelligence from one target for 8d6 damage.  
When applied to coat an arrow, bolt, sword or polearm, it hits to reduce 
intelligence from one target for 1-9 damage.  When set in a trap, it 
reduces intelligence from one target for 8d6 damage.  You know everything
about this item.  


a Mushroom of Naivety
---------------------
This Food weighs 0.1 lbs.  When eaten, it provides nourishment and reduces
 wisdom from you for 8d6 damage.  When eaten by monsters, it helps them
recover and reduces wisdom from one target for 8d6 damage.  When applied
to coat an arrow, bolt, sword or polearm, it hits to reduce wisdom from 
one target for 1-9 damage.  When set in a trap, it reduces wisdom from one
target for 8d6 damage.  You know everything about this item.  


a Mushroom of Paralysis
-----------------------
This Food weighs 0.1 lbs.  When eaten, it provides nourishment and 
paralyzes you for 1d10+10 turns, and paralyzes you.  When eaten by
monsters, it helps them recover and paralyzes one target.  When applied to
coat an arrow, bolt, sword or polearm, it hits to paralyze one target.  
When set in a trap, it paralyzes one target.  You know everything about
this item.  


a Hard Biscuit
--------------
This Food weighs 0.2 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
eaten, it provides nourishment.  When eaten by monsters, it helps them
recover.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Pint of Fine Ale
------------------
This Food weighs 0.5 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d2 blunt damage.  When
eaten, it provides nourishment.  When eaten by monsters, it helps them
recover.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Strip of Beef Jerky
---------------------
This Food weighs 0.2 lbs.  When eaten, it provides nourishment.  When
eaten by monsters, it helps them recover.  It is of average quality, but
may be damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Pint of Fine Wine
-------------------
This Food weighs 1.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d2 blunt damage.  When
eaten, it provides nourishment.  When eaten by monsters, it helps them
recover.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Slime Mold
------------
This Food weighs 0.5 lbs.  When eaten, it provides 3000 units of
nourishment.  When eaten by monsters, it helps them recover.  It is of
average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything
about this item.  


an Apple
--------
This Food weighs 0.4 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
eaten, it provides nourishment and cures you of a hangover.  When eaten by
monsters, it helps them recover.  It is of average quality, but may be
damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a handful of Berries
--------------------
This Food weighs 0.4 lbs.  When eaten, it cures you of a hangover.  When
eaten by monsters, it helps them recover.  It is of average quality, but
may be damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Ration of Food
----------------
This Food weighs 1.0 lbs.  When eaten, it provides 5000 units of
nourishment.  When eaten by monsters, it helps them recover.  It is of
average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything
about this item.  


a Piece of Elvish Waybread
--------------------------
This Food weighs 0.3 lbs.  When eaten, it provides nourishment and cures
you of poison and slow stumble, and heals you for 4d8 hit points.  When
eaten by monsters, it helps them recover and heals one target for 4d8 hit
points.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Pint of Orcish Spirits
------------------------
This Food weighs 1.0 lbs.  It is not damaged by fire.  When eaten, it 
cures you of food poisoning, and spits to burn one target for 4d6 damage,
and burns you for 1d6 damage.  When eaten by monsters, it helps them
recover and burns one target for 4d6 damage, and burns one target for 1d6 
damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Mushroom of Cure Paranoia
---------------------------
This Food weighs 0.1 lbs.  When eaten, it provides nourishment and cures
you of fear and petrification.  When eaten by monsters, it helps them
recover.  You know everything about this item.  


a Mushroom of Cure Blindness
----------------------------
This Food weighs 0.1 lbs.  When eaten, it provides nourishment and cures
you of blindness and black eye.  When eaten by monsters, it helps them
recover.  You know everything about this item.  


a Mushroom of Cure Confusion
----------------------------
This Food weighs 0.1 lbs.  When eaten, it provides nourishment and cures
you of confusion and a hangover.  When eaten by monsters, it helps them
recover.  You know everything about this item.  


a Mushroom of Cure Cuts
-----------------------
This Food weighs 0.1 lbs.  When eaten, it provides nourishment and cures
you of cuts and shards.  When eaten by monsters, it helps them recover.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Mushroom of Cure Stun
-----------------------
This Food weighs 0.1 lbs.  When eaten, it provides nourishment and cures
you of stun damage and ringing in ears.  When eaten by monsters, it helps
them recover.  You know everything about this item.  


a Mushroom of Unhealth
----------------------
This Food weighs 0.1 lbs.  When eaten, it provides nourishment and reduces
 constitution from you for 10d10 damage.  When eaten by monsters, it helps
them recover and reduces constitution from one target for 10d10 damage.  
When applied to coat an arrow, bolt, sword or polearm, it hits to reduce 
constitution from one target for 2-20 damage.  When set in a trap, it 
reduces constitution from one target for 10d10 damage.  You know
everything about this item.  


a Mushroom of Disease
---------------------
This Food weighs 0.1 lbs.  When eaten, it provides nourishment and infects
 you with disease for 10d10 damage.  When eaten by monsters, it helps them
recover and infects one target with disease for 10d10 damage.  When
applied to coat an arrow, bolt, sword or polearm, it hits to infect one
target with disease for 2-20 damage.  When set in a trap, it infects one
target with disease for 10d10 damage.  You know everything about this
item.  


a Mushroom of Cure Poison
-------------------------
This Food weighs 0.1 lbs.  When eaten, it provides nourishment and cures
you of poison and green rot.  When eaten by monsters, it helps them recover
.  You know everything about this item.  


a Mushroom of Mana
------------------
This Food weighs 0.1 lbs.  When eaten, it provides nourishment and cures
you of mana mites, and adds mana to you for 2d5 spell points.  When eaten
by monsters, it helps them recover and adds mana to one target for 2d5 
spell points.  When applied to coat an arrow, bolt, sword or polearm, it 
hits to add mana to one target for 0-2 spell points.  When set in a trap,
it adds mana to one target for 2d5 spell points.  You know everything
about this item.  


a Mushroom of Cure Serious Wounds
---------------------------------
This Food weighs 0.1 lbs.  When eaten, it provides nourishment and cures
you of blindness, and partially cures you of confusion, cuts and stun
damage, and heals you for 8d10 hit points.  When eaten by monsters, it 
helps them recover and heals one target for 8d10 hit points.  When applied
to coat an arrow, bolt, sword or polearm, it hits to heal one target for
1-16 hit points.  When set in a trap, it heals one target for 8d10 hit
points.  You know everything about this item.  


a Mushroom of Restore Constitution and Charisma
-----------------------------------------------
This Food weighs 0.1 lbs.  When eaten, it provides nourishment and cures
you of illweather, and restores your constitution and charisma.  When
eaten by monsters, it helps them recover.  You know everything about this
item.  


a Mushroom of Restore Strength and Size
---------------------------------------
This Food weighs 0.1 lbs.  When eaten, it provides nourishment and cures
you of fumblefinger, and restores your strength and size.  When eaten by
monsters, it helps them recover.  You know everything about this item.  


a Mushroom of Restoring
-----------------------
This Food weighs 0.1 lbs.  When eaten, it provides nourishment and cures
you of amnesia, and restores your strength and size, intelligence, wisdom, 
dexterity and agility, constitution and charisma.  When eaten by monsters,
it helps them recover.  You know everything about this item.  


a sprig of Athelas
------------------
This Food weighs 0.3 lbs.  When eaten, it provides nourishment and cures
you of black breath.  When eaten by monsters, it helps them recover.  It
is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  You know
everything about this item.  




Rods
----

a Rod of Trap Location
----------------------
This Rod weighs 1.5 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
zapped, it detects all traps within 40 gridsYou know everything about this
item.  


a Rod of Dowsing
----------------
This Rod weighs 1.5 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
zapped, it detects all running water within 40 gridsYou know everything
about this item.  


a Rod of Light
--------------
This Rod weighs 1.5 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
zapped, it lights up one direction for 56 damage to monsters vulnerable to
lightWhen set in a trap, it lights up one target for 56 damage to monsters
vulnerable to lightYou know everything about this item.  


a Rod of Door/Stair Location
----------------------------
This Rod weighs 1.5 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
zapped, it detects all doors and stairs within 40 gridsYou know everything
about this item.  


a Rod of Illumination
---------------------
This Rod weighs 1.5 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
zapped, it lights up the room you are in, and surrounds you with magic of 
radius 1 to light up for 2d8 damage to monsters vulnerable to lightWhen
set in a trap, it lights up one target for 2d8 damage to monsters
vulnerable to lightYou know everything about this item.  


a Rod of Feedback
-----------------
This Rod weighs 1.5 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
zapped, it makes you bleed, stuns you, blinds you, confuses you and makes
you hallucinate for 1d5 turns, and blasts you and all enemies adjacent to
you with nether for 3d6 damage, blasts you and all enemies adjacent to you
 with nexus for 3d6 damage, blasts you and all enemies adjacent to you 
with disenchantment for 3d6 damage, and blasts you and all enemies
adjacent to you with powerful light for 3d6 damageWhen set in a trap, it 
blasts one target with nether for 3d6 damage, blasts one target with nexus
 for 3d6 damage, blasts one target with disenchantment for 3d6 damage, and 
blasts one target with powerful light for 3d6 damageYou know everything
about this item.  


a Rod of Polymorph
------------------
This Rod weighs 1.5 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
zapped, it polymorphs one target for 25 powerWhen set in a trap, it 
polymorphs one target for 25 powerYou know everything about this item.  


a Rod of Teleport Other
-----------------------
This Rod weighs 1.5 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
zapped, it teleports one target away for 25 distance on averageWhen set in
a trap, it teleports one target away for 25 distance on averageYou know
everything about this item.  


a Rod of Slow Monster
---------------------
This Rod weighs 1.5 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
zapped, it slows one target for 25 powerWhen set in a trap, it slows one
target for 25 powerYou know everything about this item.  


a Rod of Sleep Monster
----------------------
This Rod weighs 1.5 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
zapped, it sends one target to sleep for 25 powerWhen set in a trap, it 
sends one target to sleep for 25 powerYou know everything about this item.



a Rod of Lightning Bolts
------------------------
This Rod weighs 1.5 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
zapped, it creates a beam to electrify your enemies for 3d6 damageWhen set
in a trap, it electrifys one target for 3d6 damageYou know everything
about this item.  


a Rod of Disarming
------------------
This Rod weighs 1.5 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
zapped, it creates a beam to remove traps from your enemiesWhen set in a
trap, it removes traps from one targetYou know everything about this item.



a Rod of Frost Bolts
--------------------
This Rod weighs 1.5 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
zapped, it creates a bolt to freeze your enemies for 5d8 damageWhen set in
a trap, it freezes one target for 5d8 damageYou know everything about this
item.  


a Rod of Fire Bolts
-------------------
This Rod weighs 1.5 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
zapped, it creates a powerful bolt to burn your enemies for 6d8 damageWhen
set in a trap, it burns one target for 6d8 damageYou know everything about
this item.  


a Rod of Acid Bolts
-------------------
This Rod weighs 1.5 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
zapped, it creates a powerful bolt to dissolve your enemies for 8d8 damage
When set in a trap, it dissolves one target for 8d8 damageYou know
everything about this item.  


a Rod of Drain Life
-------------------
This Rod weighs 1.5 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
zapped, it drains life from one target for 125 damageWhen set in a trap,
it drains life from one target for 125 damageYou know everything about
this item.  


a Rod of Recall
---------------
This Rod weighs 1.5 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
zapped, it returns you to the surface, or teleports you into the depthsYou
know everything about this item.  


a Rod of Lightning Balls
------------------------
This Rod weighs 1.5 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
zapped, it creates a beam in 8 directions of radius 2 to electrify your
enemies for 40 damageWhen set in a trap, it electrifys one target for 40 
damageYou know everything about this item.  


a Rod of Cold Balls
-------------------
This Rod weighs 1.5 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
zapped, it creates a ball of radius 2 to freeze your enemies for 55 damage
When set in a trap, it freezes one target for 55 damageYou know everything
about this item.  


a Rod of Detection
------------------
This Rod weighs 1.5 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
zapped, it detects all doors, traps, stairs, running water, gold,
including hidden treasures, objects, including hidden objects, visible
monsters, evil monsters and living monsters within 40 gridsYou know
everything about this item.  


a Rod of Fire Balls
-------------------
This Rod weighs 1.5 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
zapped, it creates a ball of radius 2 to burn your enemies for 80 damage
When set in a trap, it burns one target for 80 damageYou know everything
about this item.  


a Rod of Acid Balls
-------------------
This Rod weighs 1.5 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
zapped, it creates a ball of radius 2 to dissolve your enemies for 65 
damageWhen set in a trap, it dissolves one target for 65 damageYou know
everything about this item.  


a Rod of Detect Power
---------------------
This Rod weighs 1.5 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
zapped, it detects all powerful objects, and senses their power within 40
grids, and will sense the general power level on all unknown items in your
packYou know everything about this item.  


a Rod of Enlightenment
----------------------
This Rod weighs 1.5 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
zapped, it maps your surroundingsYou know everything about this item.  


a Rod of Gauge Magic
--------------------
This Rod weighs 1.5 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
zapped, it can identify the bonuses to hit, damage and armour class and 
the number of charges on one weapon, wearable item, wand or staff as
appropriateYou know everything about this item.  


a Rod of Curing
---------------
This Rod weighs 1.5 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
zapped, it cures you of cuts, stun damage, poison, blindness and confusion
You know everything about this item.  


a Rod of Healing
----------------
This Rod weighs 1.5 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
zapped, it cures you of cuts and stun damage, and heals you for 500 hit
pointsWhen set in a trap, it heals one target for 500 hit pointsYou know
everything about this item.  


a Rod of Restoration
--------------------
This Rod weighs 1.5 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
zapped, it cures you of amnesia, and restores your strength and size, 
intelligence, wisdom, dexterity and agility, constitution and charismaYou
know everything about this item.  


a Rod of Speed
--------------
This Rod weighs 1.5 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
zapped, it hastes you for 1d20+20 turnsYou know everything about this
item.  




Wands
-----

a Wand of Heal Monster
----------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
aimed, it creates a powerful bolt to heal your enemies for 4d6 hit points.
When set in a trap, it heals one target for 4d6 hit points.  You know
everything about this item.  


a Wand of Haste Monster
-----------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
aimed, it creates a powerful bolt to hasten your enemies.  When set in a
trap, it hastens one target.  You know everything about this item.  


a Wand of Clone Monster
-----------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
aimed, it creates a powerful bolt to clone your enemies.  When set in a
trap, it clones one target.  You know everything about this item.  


a Wand of Trap/Door Destruction
-------------------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
aimed, it creates a powerful bolt to remove doors from your enemies.  When
set in a trap, it removes doors from one target.  You know everything
about this item.  


a Wand of Light
---------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
aimed, it lights up one direction for 56 damage to monsters vulnerable to
light.  When set in a trap, it lights up one target for 56 damage to
monsters vulnerable to light.  You know everything about this item.  


a Wand of Magic Missile
-----------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
aimed, it creates a missile to blast your enemies with magic for 3d4 
damage.  When set in a trap, it blasts one target with magic for 3d4 
damage.  You know everything about this item.  


a Wand of Stone to Mud
----------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
aimed, it removes rock from one direction for 6d8 damage to monsters made
from rock.  When set in a trap, it removes rock from one target for 6d8 
damage to monsters made from rock.  You know everything about this item.  


a Wand of Teleport Other
------------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
aimed, it teleports one target away for 25 distance on average.  When set
in a trap, it teleports one target away for 25 distance on average.  You
know everything about this item.  


a Wand of Stinking Cloud
------------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
aimed, it creates a cloud of radius 2 to poison your enemies for 10 damage
.  When set in a trap, it poisons one target for 10 damage.  You know
everything about this item.  


a Wand of Polymorph
-------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
aimed, it polymorphs one target for 25 power.  When set in a trap, it 
polymorphs one target for 25 power.  You know everything about this item.  



a Wand of Wonder
----------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, 
cold and water.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When aimed, it 
creates a powerful bolt to hasten your enemies, or creates a powerful bolt
 to clone your enemies, or teleports one target away for 25 distance on
average, or creates a beam to remove traps from your enemies, or creates a
powerful bolt to remove doors from your enemies, or removes rock from one
direction for 6d8 damage to monsters made from rock, or lights up one
direction for 56 damage to monsters vulnerable to light, or sends one
target to sleep for 25 power, or slows one target for 25 power, or confuse
s one target for 25 power, or scares one target for 25 power, or drains 
life from one target for 125 damage, or polymorphs one target for 25 power
, or creates a cloud of radius 2 to poison your enemies for 10 damage, or 
creates a missile to blast your enemies with magic for 3d4 damage, or 
creates a powerful bolt to dissolve your enemies for 8d8 damage, or 
creates a beam to electrify your enemies for 3d6 damage, or creates a
powerful bolt to burn your enemies for 6d8 damage, or creates a bolt to 
freeze your enemies for 5d8 damage, or creates a ball of radius 2 to 
dissolve your enemies for 65 damage, or creates a beam in 8 directions of 
radius 2 to electrify your enemies for 40 damage, or creates a ball of 
radius 2 to burn your enemies for 80 damage, or creates a ball of radius 2
 to freeze your enemies for 55 damage, or drains life from one target for
250 damage.  When set in a trap, it hastens one target, or clones one
target, or teleports one target away for 25 distance on average, or remove
s traps from one target, or removes doors from one target, or removes rock
from one target for 6d8 damage to monsters made from rock, or lights up 
one target for 56 damage to monsters vulnerable to light, or sends one
target to sleep for 25 power, or slows one target for 25 power, or confuse
s one target for 25 power, or scares one target for 25 power, or drains 
life from one target for 125 damage, or polymorphs one target for 25 power
, or poisons one target for 10 damage, or blasts one target with magic for
3d4 damage, or dissolves one target for 8d8 damage, or electrifys one
target for 3d6 damage, or burns one target for 6d8 damage, or freezes one
target for 5d8 damage, or dissolves one target for 65 damage, or electrify
s one target for 40 damage, or burns one target for 80 damage, or freezes 
one target for 55 damage, or drains life from one target for 250 damage.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Wand of Slow Monster
----------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
aimed, it slows one target for 25 power.  When set in a trap, it slows one
target for 25 power.  You know everything about this item.  


a Wand of Confuse Monster
-------------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
aimed, it confuses one target for 25 power.  When set in a trap, it 
confuses one target for 25 power.  You know everything about this item.  


a Wand of Sleep Monster
-----------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
aimed, it sends one target to sleep for 25 power.  When set in a trap, it 
sends one target to sleep for 25 power.  You know everything about this
item.  


a Wand of Scare Monster
-----------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
aimed, it scares one target for 25 power.  When set in a trap, it scares 
one target for 25 power.  You know everything about this item.  


a Wand of Lightning Bolts
-------------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
aimed, it creates a beam to electrify your enemies for 3d6 damage.  When
set in a trap, it electrifys one target for 3d6 damage.  You know
everything about this item.  


a Wand of Blind Monster
-----------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
aimed, it blinds one target for 25 damage, doubled against eye monsters.  
When set in a trap, it blinds one target for 25 damage, doubled against
eye monsters.  You know everything about this item.  


a Wand of Disarming
-------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
aimed, it creates a beam to remove traps from your enemies.  When set in a
trap, it removes traps from one target.  You know everything about this
item.  


a Wand of Frost Bolts
---------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
aimed, it creates a bolt to freeze your enemies for 5d8 damage.  When set
in a trap, it freezes one target for 5d8 damage.  You know everything
about this item.  


a Wand of Dispelling
--------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  It is not damaged by electricity.  When thrown,
it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When aimed, it creates a beam to remove 
enchantments from your enemies.  When set in a trap, it removes 
enchantments from one target.  You know everything about this item.  


a Wand of Acid Bolts
--------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
aimed, it creates a powerful bolt to dissolve your enemies for 8d8 damage.
When set in a trap, it dissolves one target for 8d8 damage.  You know
everything about this item.  


a Wand of Fire Bolts
--------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
aimed, it creates a powerful bolt to burn your enemies for 6d8 damage.  
When set in a trap, it burns one target for 6d8 damage.  You know
everything about this item.  


a Wand of Web building
----------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  It is not damaged by electricity.  When thrown,
it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When aimed, it creates a beam in 8 directions
 of radius 3 to build webs around your enemies.  When set in a trap, it 
builds webs around one target.  You know everything about this item.  


a Wand of Winds
---------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  It is not damaged by electricity.  When thrown,
it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When aimed, it creates an arc of 20 degrees to 
blast with wind for 4d10 damage against flying or climbing monsters, less
against others.  When set in a trap, it blasts one target with wind for
4d10 damage against flying or climbing monsters, less against others.  You
know everything about this item.  


a Wand of Darkness Bolts
------------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
aimed, it creates a powerful bolt to blast your enemies with powerful
darkness for 5d8 damage.  When set in a trap, it blasts one target with
powerful darkness for 5d8 damage.  You know everything about this item.  


a Wand of Wonder II
-------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, 
cold and water.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When aimed, it 
creates a powerful bolt to blast your enemies with magic for 100 damage,
or creates an arrow to attack one target for 150 damage, or blasts one
target with holy magic for 3d6 damage, doubled against evil monsters, or 
creates a storm of radius 3 to poison your enemies for 70 damage, or 
creates a storm of radius 3 to freeze your enemies for 120 damage, or 
creates multiple balls of radius 1 to blast your enemies with meteors for
30 damage, or blinds one target for 25 damage, doubled against eye monsters
, or creates a powerful bolt to burn your enemies for 6d12 damage, and 
creates a powerful bolt to burn your enemies for 6d12 damage, or creates a
powerful bolt to burn your enemies for 6d16 damage, creates a powerful bolt
 to burn your enemies for 6d16 damage, and creates a powerful bolt to burn
 your enemies for 6d16 damage, or creates a storm of radius 3 to burn your
enemies for 145 damage, or creates a powerful bolt to dissolve your enemies
 for 8d12 damage, and creates a powerful bolt to dissolve your enemies for
8d12 damage, or creates a storm of radius 3 to dissolve your enemies for
115 damage, or creates a powerful bolt to dissolve your enemies for 8d16 
damage, creates a powerful bolt to dissolve your enemies for 8d16 damage,
and creates a powerful bolt to dissolve your enemies for 8d16 damage, or 
creates a beam to electrify your enemies for 3d9 damage, and creates a beam
 to electrify your enemies for 3d9 damage, or creates a beam to electrify 
your enemies for 3d12 damage, creates a beam to electrify your enemies for
3d12 damage, and creates a beam to electrify your enemies for 3d12 damage,
or creates a storm of radius 3 to electrify your enemies for 165 damage,
or creates a bolt to freeze your enemies for 5d12 damage, and creates a
bolt to freeze your enemies for 5d12 damage, or creates a bolt to freeze 
your enemies for 5d16 damage, creates a bolt to freeze your enemies for
5d16 damage, and creates a bolt to freeze your enemies for 5d16 damage, or 
creates a powerful bolt to blast your enemies with meteors for 10d8 damage
, or creates a cloud of radius 2 to freeze your enemies for 20 damage, or 
creates a cloud of radius 2 to dissolve your enemies for 30 damage, or 
creates a storm of radius 3 to lash your enemies with wind, rain and
lightning for 65 damage, or creates a cloud of radius 2 to burn your
enemies for 75 damage, or creates a powerful bolt to blast your enemies 
with water for 6d8 damage, or creates a storm of radius 3 to blast your
enemies with water for 110 damage, or creates a powerful bolt to deafen 
your enemies for 8d8 damage.  When set in a trap, it blasts one target 
with magic for 100 damage, or attacks one target for 150 damage, or blasts
 one target with holy magic for 3d6 damage, doubled against evil monsters,
or poisons one target for 70 damage, or freezes one target for 120 damage,
or blasts one target with meteors for 30 damage, or blinds one target for
25 damage, doubled against eye monsters, or burns one target for 6d12 
damage, and burns one target for 6d12 damage, or burns one target for 6d16 
damage, burns one target for 6d16 damage, and burns one target for 6d16 
damage, or burns one target for 145 damage, or dissolves one target for
8d12 damage, and dissolves one target for 8d12 damage, or dissolves one
target for 115 damage, or dissolves one target for 8d16 damage, dissolves 
one target for 8d16 damage, and dissolves one target for 8d16 damage, or 
electrifys one target for 3d9 damage, and electrifys one target for 3d9 
damage, or electrifys one target for 3d12 damage, electrifys one target
 for 3d12 damage, and electrifys one target for 3d12 damage, or electrifys
 one target for 165 damage, or freezes one target for 5d12 damage, and 
freezes one target for 5d12 damage, or freezes one target for 5d16 damage, 
freezes one target for 5d16 damage, and freezes one target for 5d16 damage
, or blasts one target with meteors for 10d8 damage, or freezes one target
 for 20 damage, or dissolves one target for 30 damage, or lashs one target
 with wind, rain and lightning for 65 damage, or burns one target for 75 
damage, or blasts one target with water for 6d8 damage, or blasts one
target with water for 110 damage, or deafens one target for 8d8 damage.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Wand of Drain Life
--------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
aimed, it drains life from one target for 125 damage.  When set in a trap,
it drains life from one target for 125 damage.  You know everything about
this item.  


a Wand of Lightning Balls
-------------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  It is not damaged by electricity.  When thrown,
it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When aimed, it creates a beam in 8 directions
 of radius 2 to electrify your enemies for 40 damage.  When set in a trap,
it electrifys one target for 40 damage.  You know everything about this
item.  


a Wand of Frost Bolts II
------------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  It is not damaged by cold.  When thrown, it 
does 1d1 blunt damage.  When aimed, it creates a bolt to freeze your
enemies for 5d12 damage, and creates a bolt to freeze your enemies for
5d12 damage.  When set in a trap, it freezes one target for 5d12 damage,
and freezes one target for 5d12 damage.  You know everything about this
item.  


a Wand of Lightning Bolts II
----------------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  It is not damaged by electricity.  When thrown,
it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When aimed, it creates a beam to electrify your
enemies for 3d9 damage, and creates a beam to electrify your enemies for
3d9 damage.  When set in a trap, it electrifys one target for 3d9 damage,
and electrifys one target for 3d9 damage.  You know everything about this
item.  


a Wand of Cold Balls
--------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  It is not damaged by cold.  When thrown, it 
does 1d1 blunt damage.  When aimed, it creates a ball of radius 2 to 
freeze your enemies for 55 damage.  When set in a trap, it freezes one
target for 55 damage.  You know everything about this item.  


a Wand of Deadly Clouds
-----------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
aimed, it creates a storm of radius 3 to poison your enemies for 70 damage
.  When set in a trap, it poisons one target for 70 damage.  You know
everything about this item.  


a Wand of Water Bolts
---------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  It is not damaged by water.  When thrown, it 
does 1d1 blunt damage.  When aimed, it creates a powerful bolt to blast 
your enemies with water for 6d8 damage.  When set in a trap, it blasts one
target with water for 6d8 damage.  You know everything about this item.  


a Wand of Fire Bolts II
-----------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  It is not damaged by fire.  When thrown, it 
does 1d1 blunt damage.  When aimed, it creates a powerful bolt to burn 
your enemies for 6d12 damage, and creates a powerful bolt to burn your
enemies for 6d12 damage.  When set in a trap, it burns one target for 6d12 
damage, and burns one target for 6d12 damage.  You know everything about
this item.  


a Wand of Freezing Clouds
-------------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  It is not damaged by cold.  When thrown, it 
does 1d1 blunt damage.  When aimed, it creates a cloud of radius 2 to 
freeze your enemies for 20 damage.  When set in a trap, it freezes one
target for 20 damage.  You know everything about this item.  


a Wand of Acid Balls
--------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  It is not damaged by acid.  When thrown, it 
does 1d1 blunt damage.  When aimed, it creates a ball of radius 2 to 
dissolve your enemies for 65 damage.  When set in a trap, it dissolves one
target for 65 damage.  You know everything about this item.  


a Wand of Acid Bolts II
-----------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  It is not damaged by acid.  When thrown, it 
does 1d1 blunt damage.  When aimed, it creates a powerful bolt to dissolve
 your enemies for 8d12 damage, and creates a powerful bolt to dissolve 
your enemies for 8d12 damage.  When set in a trap, it dissolves one target
 for 8d12 damage, and dissolves one target for 8d12 damage.  You know
everything about this item.  


a Wand of Fire Balls
--------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  It is not damaged by fire.  When thrown, it 
does 1d1 blunt damage.  When aimed, it creates a ball of radius 2 to burn 
your enemies for 80 damage.  When set in a trap, it burns one target for
80 damage.  You know everything about this item.  


a Wand of Striking
------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
aimed, it blasts one target with holy magic for 3d6 damage, doubled
against evil monsters.  When set in a trap, it blasts one target with holy
magic for 3d6 damage, doubled against evil monsters.  You know everything
about this item.  


a Wand of Nexus Bolts
---------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  It is not damaged by fire.  When thrown, it 
does 1d1 blunt damage.  When aimed, it creates a bolt to blast your enemies
 with nexus for 6d8 damage.  When set in a trap, it blasts one target with
nexus for 6d8 damage.  You know everything about this item.  


a Wand of Ice Bolts
-------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  It is not damaged by acid.  When thrown, it 
does 1d1 blunt damage.  When aimed, it creates a beam to cover your enemies
 with ice for 6d8 damage.  When set in a trap, it covers one target with
ice for 6d8 damage.  You know everything about this item.  


a Wand of Lightning Bolts III
-----------------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  It is not damaged by electricity.  When thrown,
it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When aimed, it creates a beam to electrify your
enemies for 3d12 damage, creates a beam to electrify your enemies for 3d12 
damage, and creates a beam to electrify your enemies for 3d12 damage.  
When set in a trap, it electrifys one target for 3d12 damage, electrifys 
one target for 3d12 damage, and electrifys one target for 3d12 damage.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Wand of Shockwaves
--------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  It is not damaged by electricity.  When thrown,
it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When aimed, it creates a ball of radius 2 to 
deafen your enemies for 35 damage.  When set in a trap, it deafens one
target for 35 damage.  You know everything about this item.  


a Wand of Explosions
--------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  It is not damaged by electricity.  When thrown,
it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When aimed, it creates a ball of radius 2 to 
blast your enemies with shards for 70 damage.  When set in a trap, it 
blasts one target with shards for 70 damage.  You know everything about
this item.  


a Wand of Frost Bolts III
-------------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  It is not damaged by cold.  When thrown, it 
does 1d1 blunt damage.  When aimed, it creates a bolt to freeze your
enemies for 5d16 damage, creates a bolt to freeze your enemies for 5d16 
damage, and creates a bolt to freeze your enemies for 5d16 damage.  When
set in a trap, it freezes one target for 5d16 damage, freezes one target
 for 5d16 damage, and freezes one target for 5d16 damage.  You know
everything about this item.  


a Wand of Dragon's Bile
-----------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  It is not damaged by acid.  When thrown, it 
does 1d1 blunt damage.  When aimed, it creates an arc of 40 degrees to 
dissolve for 130 damage.  When set in a trap, it dissolves one target for
130 damage.  You know everything about this item.  


a Wand of Dragon's Venom
------------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
aimed, it creates an arc of 30 degrees to poison for 60 damage.  When set
in a trap, it poisons one target for 60 damage.  You know everything about
this item.  


a Wand of Bedlam
----------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  It is not damaged by electricity.  When thrown,
it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When aimed, it creates a ball of radius 2 to 
confuse your enemies for 25 power.  When set in a trap, it confuses one
target for 25 power.  You know everything about this item.  


a Wand of Sound Bolts
---------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
aimed, it creates a powerful bolt to deafen your enemies for 8d8 damage.  
When set in a trap, it deafens one target for 8d8 damage.  You know
everything about this item.  


a Wand of Fire Bolts III
------------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  It is not damaged by fire.  When thrown, it 
does 1d1 blunt damage.  When aimed, it creates a powerful bolt to burn 
your enemies for 6d16 damage, creates a powerful bolt to burn your enemies
 for 6d16 damage, and creates a powerful bolt to burn your enemies for
6d16 damage.  When set in a trap, it burns one target for 6d16 damage, 
burns one target for 6d16 damage, and burns one target for 6d16 damage.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Wand of Acidic Clouds
-----------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  It is not damaged by acid.  When thrown, it 
does 1d1 blunt damage.  When aimed, it creates a cloud of radius 2 to 
dissolve your enemies for 30 damage.  When set in a trap, it dissolves one
target for 30 damage.  You know everything about this item.  


a Wand of Dragon's Flame
------------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, 
cold and water.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When aimed, it 
creates an arc of 40 degrees to burn for 200 damage.  When set in a trap,
it burns one target for 200 damage.  You know everything about this item.  



a Wand of Dragon's Frost
------------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, 
cold and water.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When aimed, it 
creates an arc of 40 degrees to freeze for 115 damage.  When set in a
trap, it freezes one target for 115 damage.  You know everything about
this item.  


a Wand of Dragon's Storm
------------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  It is not damaged by electricity.  When thrown,
it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When aimed, it creates an arc of 40 degrees to 
electrify for 100 damage.  When set in a trap, it electrifys one target
 for 100 damage.  You know everything about this item.  


a Wand of Dragon's Breath
-------------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, 
cold and water.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When aimed, it 
creates an arc of 40 degrees to burn for 200 damage, or creates an arc of 
40 degrees to freeze for 115 damage, or creates an arc of 40 degrees to 
electrify for 100 damage, or creates an arc of 40 degrees to dissolve for
130 damage, or creates an arc of 30 degrees to poison for 60 damage.  When
set in a trap, it burns one target for 200 damage, or freezes one target
 for 115 damage, or electrifys one target for 100 damage, or dissolves one
target for 130 damage, or poisons one target for 60 damage.  You know
everything about this item.  


a Wand of Soulrending
---------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  It is not damaged by electricity.  When thrown,
it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When aimed, it creates a bolt to blast your
enemies with nether for 125 damage.  When set in a trap, it blasts one
target with nether for 125 damage.  You know everything about this item.  


a Wand of Shooting Stars
------------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  It is not damaged by fire and cold.  When
thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When aimed, it creates a powerful bolt
 to blast your enemies with meteors for 10d8 damage.  When set in a trap,
it blasts one target with meteors for 10d8 damage.  You know everything
about this item.  


a Wand of Magic Arrows
----------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
aimed, it creates an arrow to attack one target for 150 damage.  When set
in a trap, it attacks one target for 150 damage.  You know everything
about this item.  


a Wand of Annihilation
----------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, 
cold and water.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When aimed, it 
drains life from one target for 250 damage.  When set in a trap, it drains
 life from one target for 250 damage.  You know everything about this
item.  


a Wand of Storm Clouds
----------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  It is not damaged by electricity.  When thrown,
it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When aimed, it creates a storm of radius 3 to 
lash your enemies with wind, rain and lightning for 65 damage.  When set
in a trap, it lashs one target with wind, rain and lightning for 65 damage
.  You know everything about this item.  


a Wand of Chaos
---------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  It is not damaged by electricity.  When thrown,
it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When aimed, it creates a powerful bolt to blast
 your enemies with chaos for 150 damage.  When set in a trap, it blasts 
one target with chaos for 150 damage.  You know everything about this
item.  


a Wand of Burning Clouds
------------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  It is not damaged by fire.  When thrown, it 
does 1d1 blunt damage.  When aimed, it creates a cloud of radius 2 to burn
 your enemies for 75 damage.  When set in a trap, it burns one target for
75 damage.  You know everything about this item.  


a Wand of Blood
---------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  It is not damaged by electricity.  When thrown,
it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When aimed, it creates a beam to cover your
enemies in blood for 10d8 damage.  When set in a trap, it covers one target
 in blood for 10d8 damage.  You know everything about this item.  


a Wand of Ice Storms
--------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  It is not damaged by cold.  When thrown, it 
does 1d1 blunt damage.  When aimed, it creates a storm of radius 3 to 
freeze your enemies for 120 damage.  When set in a trap, it freezes one
target for 120 damage.  You know everything about this item.  


a Wand of Mana Bolts
--------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When
aimed, it creates a powerful bolt to blast your enemies with magic for 100 
damage.  When set in a trap, it blasts one target with magic for 100 
damage.  You know everything about this item.  


a Wand of Fire Storms
---------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  It is not damaged by fire.  When thrown, it 
does 1d1 blunt damage.  When aimed, it creates a storm of radius 3 to burn
 your enemies for 145 damage.  When set in a trap, it burns one target for
145 damage.  You know everything about this item.  


a Wand of Acid Bolts III
------------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  It is not damaged by acid.  When thrown, it 
does 1d1 blunt damage.  When aimed, it creates a powerful bolt to dissolve
 your enemies for 8d16 damage, creates a powerful bolt to dissolve your
enemies for 8d16 damage, and creates a powerful bolt to dissolve your
enemies for 8d16 damage.  When set in a trap, it dissolves one target for
8d16 damage, dissolves one target for 8d16 damage, and dissolves one target
 for 8d16 damage.  You know everything about this item.  


a Wand of Lightning Storms
--------------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  It is not damaged by electricity.  When thrown,
it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When aimed, it creates a storm of radius 3 to 
electrify your enemies for 165 damage.  When set in a trap, it electrifys 
one target for 165 damage.  You know everything about this item.  


a Wand of Acid Storms
---------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  It is not damaged by acid.  When thrown, it 
does 1d1 blunt damage.  When aimed, it creates a storm of radius 3 to 
dissolve your enemies for 115 damage.  When set in a trap, it dissolves 
one target for 115 damage.  You know everything about this item.  


a Wand of Meteors
-----------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  It is not damaged by fire and cold.  When
thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When aimed, it creates multiple balls
 of radius 1 to blast your enemies with meteors for 30 damage.  When set
in a trap, it blasts one target with meteors for 30 damage.  You know
everything about this item.  


a Wand of Whirlpools
--------------------
This Wand weighs 1.0 lbs.  It is not damaged by water.  When thrown, it 
does 1d1 blunt damage.  When aimed, it creates a storm of radius 3 to 
blast your enemies with water for 110 damage.  When set in a trap, it 
blasts one target with water for 110 damage.  You know everything about
this item.  




Staffs
------

a Staff of Darkness
-------------------
This Staff weighs 5.0 lbs.  It provides resistance to powerful darkness.  
When attacking or thrown, it does 1d6 blunt damage.  When used, it plunges
the room you are in into darkness, and plunges into darkness you and all
enemies adjacent to you.  When set in a trap, it plunges into darkness one
target.  You know everything about this item.  


a Staff of Perilous Summoning
-----------------------------
This Staff weighs 5.0 lbs.  When attacking or thrown, it does 1d6 blunt
 damage.  When used, it clones all your enemies in line of sight.  When
set in a trap, it clones one target.  You know everything about this item.



a Staff of Summoning
--------------------
This Staff weighs 5.0 lbs.  When attacking or thrown, it does 1d6 blunt
 damage.  When used, it summons monsters.  You know everything about this
item.  


a Staff of Haste Monsters
-------------------------
This Staff weighs 5.0 lbs.  When attacking or thrown, it does 1d6 blunt
 damage.  When used, it hastens all your enemies in line of sight.  When
set in a trap, it hastens one target.  You know everything about this
item.  


a Staff of Slowness
-------------------
This Staff weighs 5.0 lbs.  When attacking or thrown, it does 1d6 blunt
 damage.  When used, it slows you for 1d10+10 turns, and slows you.  When
set in a trap, it slows one target.  You know everything about this item.  



a Staff of Treasure Location
----------------------------
This Staff weighs 5.0 lbs.  When attacking or thrown, it does 1d6 blunt
 damage.  When used, it detects all gold, including hidden treasures
 within 40 grids.  You know everything about this item.  


a Staff of Object Location
--------------------------
This Staff weighs 5.0 lbs.  When attacking or thrown, it does 1d6 blunt
 damage.  When used, it detects all objects, including hidden objects
 within 40 grids.  You know everything about this item.  


a Staff of Detect Life
----------------------
This Staff weighs 5.0 lbs.  It gives its wielder see invisible.  When
attacking or thrown, it does 1d6 blunt damage.  When used, it detects all 
living monsters within 40 grids.  You know everything about this item.  


a Staff of Light
----------------
This Staff weighs 5.0 lbs.  When attacking or thrown, it does 1d6 blunt
 damage.  When used, it lights up the room you are in, and surrounds you
with magic of radius 1 to light up for 2d8 damage to monsters vulnerable
to light.  When set in a trap, it lights up one target for 2d8 damage to
monsters vulnerable to light.  You know everything about this item.  


a Staff of Cure Moderate Wounds
-------------------------------
This Staff weighs 5.0 lbs.  When attacking or thrown, it does 1d6 blunt
 damage.  When used, it cures you of blindness, and partially cures you of 
cuts, and heals you for 5d10 hit points.  When set in a trap, it heals one
target for 5d10 hit points.  You know everything about this item.  


a Staff of Trap Location
------------------------
This Staff weighs 5.0 lbs.  When attacking or thrown, it does 1d6 blunt
 damage.  When used, it detects all traps within 40 grids.  You know
everything about this item.  


a Staff of Door/Stair Location
------------------------------
This Staff weighs 5.0 lbs.  When attacking or thrown, it does 1d6 blunt
 damage.  When used, it detects all doors and stairs within 40 grids.  You
know everything about this item.  


a Staff of Earthquakes
----------------------
This Staff weighs 5.0 lbs.  It does extra damage from earthquakes.  When
attacking or thrown, it does 2d6 blunt damage.  When used, it creates a
radius 10 earthquake.  You know everything about this item.  


a Staff of Detect Curse
-----------------------
This Staff weighs 5.0 lbs.  When attacking or thrown, it does 1d6 blunt
 damage.  When used, it detects all cursed objects, and senses their power
 within 40 grids, and will identify curses on all cursed items in your pack
.  You know everything about this item.  


a Staff of Remove Curse
-----------------------
This Staff weighs 5.0 lbs.  When attacking or thrown, it does 1d6 blunt
 damage.  When used, it cures you of curses and bad luck, and removes a
normal curse from an item.  You know everything about this item.  


a Staff of Sleep Monsters
-------------------------
This Staff weighs 5.0 lbs.  When attacking or thrown, it does 1d6 blunt
 damage.  When used, it sends all your enemies in line of sight to sleep
 for 25 power.  When set in a trap, it sends one target to sleep for 25 
power.  You know everything about this item.  


a Staff of Enlightenment
------------------------
This Staff weighs 5.0 lbs.  It sustains intelligence and wisdom.  When
attacking or thrown, it does 1d6 blunt damage.  When used, it maps your
surroundings.  You know everything about this item.  


a Staff of Slow Monsters
------------------------
This Staff weighs 5.0 lbs.  When attacking or thrown, it does 1d6 blunt
 damage.  When used, it slows all your enemies in line of sight for 25 
power.  When set in a trap, it slows one target for 25 power.  You know
everything about this item.  


a Staff of Starlight
--------------------
This Staff weighs 5.0 lbs.  It provides resistance to powerful light.  
When attacking or thrown, it does 1d6 blunt damage.  When used, it 
surrounds you with a star to light up your enemies for 75 damage to
monsters vulnerable to light.  When set in a trap, it lights up one target
 for 75 damage to monsters vulnerable to light.  You know everything about
this item.  


a Staff of Cure Serious Wounds
------------------------------
This Staff weighs 5.0 lbs.  When attacking or thrown, it does 1d6 blunt
 damage.  When used, it cures you of blindness, and partially cures you of 
confusion, cuts and stun damage, and heals you for 8d10 hit points.  When
set in a trap, it heals one target for 8d10 hit points.  You know
everything about this item.  


a Staff of Curing
-----------------
This Staff weighs 5.0 lbs.  When attacking or thrown, it does 1d6 blunt
 damage.  When used, it cures you of cuts, stun damage, poison, blindness
 and confusion.  You know everything about this item.  


a Staff of Speed
----------------
This Staff weighs 5.0 lbs.  When attacking or thrown, it does 1d6 blunt
 damage.  When used, it hastes you for 1d20+20 turns.  You know everything
about this item.  


a Staff of Teleportation
------------------------
This Staff weighs 5.0 lbs.  When attacking or thrown, it does 1d6 blunt
 damage.  When used, it teleports you away for 125 distance on average.  
When set in a trap, it teleports one target away for 125 distance on
average.  You know everything about this item.  


a Staff of Probing
------------------
This Staff weighs 5.0 lbs.  When attacking or thrown, it does 1d6 blunt
 damage.  When used, it affects all your enemies in line of sight.  When
set in a trap, it affects one target.  You know everything about this
item.  


a Staff of Detect Evil
----------------------
This Staff weighs 5.0 lbs.  It does x3 damage from holiness.  When
attacking or thrown, it does 1d6 blunt damage.  When used, it detects all 
evil monsters within 40 grids.  You know everything about this item.  


a Staff of *Destruction*
------------------------
This Staff weighs 5.0 lbs.  When attacking or thrown, it does 1d6 blunt
 damage.  When used, it destroys a radius 15 area.  You know everything
about this item.  


a Staff of Perception
---------------------
This Staff weighs 5.0 lbs.  When attacking or thrown, it does 1d6 blunt
 damage.  When used, it can identify the kind, ego-item and artifact names
 and all bonuses on one unknown item.  You know everything about this
item.  


a Staff of Cure Mortal Wounds
-----------------------------
This Staff weighs 5.0 lbs.  When attacking or thrown, it does 1d6 blunt
 damage.  When used, it cures you of cuts, stun damage, blindness and 
confusion, and heals you for 120 hit points.  When set in a trap, it heals
 one target for 120 hit points.  You know everything about this item.  


a Staff of Power
----------------
This Staff weighs 5.0 lbs.  It sustains wisdom and charisma.  It provides
resistance to fear.  It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold
 and water.  When attacking or thrown, it does 2d6 blunt damage.  When
used, it dispels all your enemies in line of sight for 125 damage.  When
set in a trap, it dispels one target for 125 damage.  You know everything
about this item.  


a Staff of Holiness
-------------------
This Staff weighs 5.0 lbs.  It does x3 damage from holiness.  It does x3
damage against undead and demons.  It provides resistance to fear.  It
gives its wielder see invisible.  It is blessed by the gods, allowing
priests to wield it.  When attacking or thrown, it does 1d6 blunt damage.  
When used, it protects your from evil monsters for 1d25 turns, and cures
you of cuts, stun damage, poison, fear and petrification, and dispels all
your enemies in line of sight if evil for 100 damage, and heals you for 50 
hit points.  When set in a trap, it dispels one target if evil for 100 
damage, and heals one target for 50 hit points.  You know everything about
this item.  


a Staff of the Magi
-------------------
This Staff weighs 5.0 lbs.  It sustains intelligence.  It provides
resistance to acid, electricity, fire and cold.  It is not damaged by acid
, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When attacking or thrown, it does 2d6
 blunt damage.  When used, it restores your intelligence, and adds mana to
 you for 200 spell points.  When set in a trap, it adds mana to one target
 for 200 spell points.  You know everything about this item.  


a Staff of Healing
------------------
This Staff weighs 5.0 lbs.  When attacking or thrown, it does 1d6 blunt
 damage.  When used, it cures you of cuts and stun damage, and heals you
 for 2000 hit points.  When set in a trap, it heals one target for 2000 
hit points.  You know everything about this item.  


a Staff of Banishment
---------------------
This Staff weighs 5.0 lbs.  It does x4 damage against natural creatures.  
When attacking or thrown, it does 2d6 blunt damage.  When used, it allows
you to remove a monster type from a level (1d4 damage per monster).  You
know everything about this item.  


a Staff of Dispel Evil
----------------------
This Staff weighs 5.0 lbs.  It does x3 damage from holiness.  When
attacking or thrown, it does 2d6 blunt damage.  When used, it dispels all
your enemies in line of sight if evil for 75 damage.  When set in a trap,
it dispels one target if evil for 75 damage.  You know everything about
this item.  




Books (Mage)
------------

a Magic Book of Cantrips
------------------------
This Magic Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  When thrown, it does
1d1 blunt damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear
and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Magic Book of Conjuring
-------------------------
This Magic Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  When thrown, it does
1d1 blunt damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear
and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Magic Book of Incantations
----------------------------
This Magic Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  When thrown, it does
1d1 blunt damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear
and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Magic Book of Sorcery
-----------------------
This Magic Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  When thrown, it does
1d1 blunt damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear
and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Magic Book of Craft
---------------------
This Magic Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Magic Book of Trailcraft
--------------------------
This Magic Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Magic Book of Art
-------------------
This Magic Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Magic Book of Warcraft
------------------------
This Magic Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Magic Book of Statecraft
--------------------------
This Magic Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Magic Book of Glamours
------------------------
This Magic Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Magic Book of Animal Magic
----------------------------
This Magic Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Magic Book of Life Magic
--------------------------
This Magic Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Magic Book of Illusions
-------------------------
This Magic Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Magic Book of Alchemy
-----------------------
This Magic Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Magic Book of Resistances
---------------------------
This Magic Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Magic Book of Science
-----------------------
This Magic Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Magic Book of Celestial Magic
-------------------------------
This Magic Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Magic Book of Earth Magic
---------------------------
This Magic Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Magic Book of Escapes
-----------------------
This Magic Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Magic Book of Air Magic
-------------------------
This Magic Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Magic Book of Water Magic
---------------------------
This Magic Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Magic Book of Destruction
---------------------------
This Magic Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When thrown, it does 1d7 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Magic Book of Fire Magic
--------------------------
This Magic Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Magic Book of Frost Magic
---------------------------
This Magic Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Magic Book of Acid Magic
--------------------------
This Magic Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Magic Book of Storm Magic
---------------------------
This Magic Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Magic Book of Transformations
-------------------------------
This Magic Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Magic Book of Rune Magic
--------------------------
This Magic Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Magic Book of Necromancy
--------------------------
This Magic Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Magic Book of Artifice
------------------------
This Magic Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Magic Book of Lore
--------------------
This Magic Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Magic Book of Power
---------------------
This Magic Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  




Books (Priest)
--------------

a Prayer Book of Blessings
--------------------------
This Priest Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  When thrown, it does
1d1 blunt damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear
and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Prayer Book of Mantras
------------------------
This Priest Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  When thrown, it does
1d1 blunt damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear
and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Prayer Book of Chants
-----------------------
This Priest Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  When thrown, it does
1d1 blunt damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear
and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Prayer Book of Exorcisms
--------------------------
This Priest Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  When thrown, it does
1d1 blunt damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear
and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Prayer Book of Abjurations
----------------------------
This Priest Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Prayer Book of the Way of God
-------------------------------
This Priest Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Prayer Book of Miracles
-------------------------
This Priest Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Prayer Book of Accursed Ways
------------------------------
This Priest Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Prayer Book of Divine Insights
--------------------------------
This Priest Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Prayer Book of the Dead
-------------------------
This Priest Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Prayer Book of Laying of Hands
--------------------------------
This Priest Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Prayer Book of Holy Wrath
---------------------------
This Priest Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Prayer Book of Retribution
----------------------------
This Priest Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Prayer Book of Most Holy Relics
---------------------------------
This Priest Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Prayer Book of Battle Hymns
-----------------------------
This Priest Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  




Books (Bard)
------------

a Song Book of Chords
---------------------
This Song Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  When thrown, it does
1d1 blunt damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear
and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Song Book of Harmonies
------------------------
This Song Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  When thrown, it does
1d1 blunt damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear
and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Song Book of Tunes
--------------------
This Song Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Song Book of Progressions
---------------------------
This Song Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Song Book of Soothing
-----------------------
This Song Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Song Book of Drills
---------------------
This Song Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Song Book of Snake Charming
-----------------------------
This Song Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Song Book of Shanties
-----------------------
This Song Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Song Book of Dirges
---------------------
This Song Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Song Book of Pandemonium
--------------------------
This Song Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Song Book of Discordance
--------------------------
This Song Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Song Book of Symphonies
-------------------------
This Song Book weighs 3.0 lbs.  You can study this to learn new spells.  
You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  You can sell this to
a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  It is not damaged by 
acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When thrown, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  




Books (Shaman)
--------------

a Summoning Rune stone
----------------------
This Runestone weighs 2.0 lbs.  You can apply it to different objects to
change them or enchant them with additional powers.  You can study this to
learn new spells.  You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  
You can sell this to a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  
It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When
thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When set in a trap, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Door Rune stone
-----------------
This Runestone weighs 2.0 lbs.  You can apply it to different objects to
change them or enchant them with additional powers.  You can study this to
learn new spells.  You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  
You can sell this to a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  
It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When
thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When set in a trap, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Blood Rune stone
------------------
This Runestone weighs 2.0 lbs.  You can apply it to different objects to
change them or enchant them with additional powers.  You can study this to
learn new spells.  You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  
You can sell this to a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  
It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When
thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When set in a trap, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Star Rune stone
-----------------
This Runestone weighs 2.0 lbs.  You can apply it to different objects to
change them or enchant them with additional powers.  You can study this to
learn new spells.  You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  
You can sell this to a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  
It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When
thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When set in a trap, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Frost Rune stone
------------------
This Runestone weighs 2.0 lbs.  You can apply it to different objects to
change them or enchant them with additional powers.  You can study this to
learn new spells.  You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  
You can sell this to a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  
It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When
thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When set in a trap, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage, or freezes one target for 20 damage.  It is of average quality,
but may be damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.



a Storm Rune stone
------------------
This Runestone weighs 2.0 lbs.  You can apply it to different objects to
change them or enchant them with additional powers.  You can study this to
learn new spells.  You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  
You can sell this to a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  
It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When
thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When set in a trap, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage, or lashs one target with wind, rain and lightning for 65 damage.  
It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  You know
everything about this item.  


a Flame Rune stone
------------------
This Runestone weighs 2.0 lbs.  You can apply it to different objects to
change them or enchant them with additional powers.  You can study this to
learn new spells.  You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  
You can sell this to a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  
It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When
thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When set in a trap, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage, or burns one target for 75 damage.  It is of average quality, but
may be damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.  


a Wave Rune stone
-----------------
This Runestone weighs 2.0 lbs.  You can apply it to different objects to
change them or enchant them with additional powers.  You can study this to
learn new spells.  You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  
You can sell this to a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  
It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When
thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When set in a trap, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage, or lowers water around one target for 6d8 damage to monsters made
from water.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and
tear.  You know everything about this item.  


an Acid Rune stone
------------------
This Runestone weighs 2.0 lbs.  You can apply it to different objects to
change them or enchant them with additional powers.  You can study this to
learn new spells.  You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  
You can sell this to a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  
It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When
thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When set in a trap, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage, or dissolves one target for 30 damage.  It is of average quality,
but may be damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.



an Earth Rune stone
-------------------
This Runestone weighs 2.0 lbs.  You can apply it to different objects to
change them or enchant them with additional powers.  You can study this to
learn new spells.  You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  
You can sell this to a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  
It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When
thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When set in a trap, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


an Explosive Rune stone
-----------------------
This Runestone weighs 2.0 lbs.  You can apply it to different objects to
change them or enchant them with additional powers.  You can study this to
learn new spells.  You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  
You can sell this to a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  
It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When
thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When set in a trap, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Hand Rune stone
-----------------
This Runestone weighs 2.0 lbs.  You can apply it to different objects to
change them or enchant them with additional powers.  You can study this to
learn new spells.  You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  
You can sell this to a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  
It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When
thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When set in a trap, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Cross Rune stone
------------------
This Runestone weighs 2.0 lbs.  You can apply it to different objects to
change them or enchant them with additional powers.  You can study this to
learn new spells.  You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  
You can sell this to a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  
It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When
thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When set in a trap, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


an Eye Rune stone
-----------------
This Runestone weighs 2.0 lbs.  You can apply it to different objects to
change them or enchant them with additional powers.  You can study this to
learn new spells.  You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  
You can sell this to a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  
It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When
thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When set in a trap, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Mouth Rune stone
------------------
This Runestone weighs 2.0 lbs.  You can apply it to different objects to
change them or enchant them with additional powers.  You can study this to
learn new spells.  You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  
You can sell this to a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  
It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When
thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When set in a trap, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Demon Rune stone
------------------
This Runestone weighs 2.0 lbs.  You can apply it to different objects to
change them or enchant them with additional powers.  You can study this to
learn new spells.  You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  
You can sell this to a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  
It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When
thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When set in a trap, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Tree Rune stone
-----------------
This Runestone weighs 2.0 lbs.  You can apply it to different objects to
change them or enchant them with additional powers.  You can study this to
learn new spells.  You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  
You can sell this to a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  
It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When
thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When set in a trap, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Dwarven Rune stone
--------------------
This Runestone weighs 2.0 lbs.  You can apply it to different objects to
change them or enchant them with additional powers.  You can study this to
learn new spells.  You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  
You can sell this to a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  
It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When
thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When set in a trap, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


an Elven Rune stone
-------------------
This Runestone weighs 2.0 lbs.  You can apply it to different objects to
change them or enchant them with additional powers.  You can study this to
learn new spells.  You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  
You can sell this to a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  
It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When
thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When set in a trap, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Sword Rune stone
------------------
This Runestone weighs 2.0 lbs.  You can apply it to different objects to
change them or enchant them with additional powers.  You can study this to
learn new spells.  You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  
You can sell this to a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  
It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When
thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When set in a trap, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Cloud Rune stone
------------------
This Runestone weighs 2.0 lbs.  You can apply it to different objects to
change them or enchant them with additional powers.  You can study this to
learn new spells.  You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  
You can sell this to a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  
It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When
thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When set in a trap, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage, or poisons one target for 10 damage.  It is of average quality,
but may be damaged by wear and tear.  You know everything about this item.



a Moon Rune stone
-----------------
This Runestone weighs 2.0 lbs.  You can apply it to different objects to
change them or enchant them with additional powers.  You can study this to
learn new spells.  You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  
You can sell this to a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  
It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When
thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When set in a trap, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Shield Rune stone
-------------------
This Runestone weighs 2.0 lbs.  You can apply it to different objects to
change them or enchant them with additional powers.  You can study this to
learn new spells.  You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  
You can sell this to a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  
It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When
thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When set in a trap, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Mana Rune stone
-----------------
This Runestone weighs 2.0 lbs.  You can apply it to different objects to
change them or enchant them with additional powers.  You can study this to
learn new spells.  You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  
You can sell this to a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  
It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When
thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When set in a trap, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


an Arrow Rune stone
-------------------
This Runestone weighs 2.0 lbs.  You can apply it to different objects to
change them or enchant them with additional powers.  You can study this to
learn new spells.  You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  
You can sell this to a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  
It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When
thrown, it does 1d1 blunt damage.  When set in a trap, it does 1d1 blunt
 damage.  It is of average quality, but may be damaged by wear and tear.  
You know everything about this item.  


a Dragon Rune stone
-------------------
This Runestone weighs 2.0 lbs.  You can apply it to different objects to
change them or enchant them with additional powers.  You can study this to
learn new spells.  You can cast spells from this that you have learnt.  
You can sell this to a shopkeeper for them to offer additional services.  
It is not damaged by acid, electricity, fire, cold and water.  When
thrown, it does 1d