Terrain Spoilers for Unangband 0.6.2
====================================


Floors
------

blood-stained floor
-------------------
This is a floor that commonly appears on dungeon level 12 and below.  You
 can walk and run on this floor and can see, cast spells and fire missiles
 through it without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You
can drop objects here.  You will remember this floor on your overhead map.
You can create glyphs on it to make it glyph of warding.  You can set
traps on it to make it a random trap and potentially harm monsters.  You
 can burn it to make it burnt floor.  You can melt it to make it melted
floor.  You can poison it to make it poison gas and potentially harm
monsters.  You can flood it to make it a wave breaking over open floor and
 potentially harm monsters.  


slimy trail
-----------
This is a floor that commonly appears on dungeon level 12 and below.  You
 can walk and run on this floor and can see, cast spells and fire missiles
 through it without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You
can drop objects here.  You will remember this floor on your overhead map.
You can create glyphs on it to make it glyph of warding.  You can set
traps on it to make it a random trap and potentially harm monsters.  You
 can burn it to make it burnt floor.  You can melt it to make it melted
floor.  You can poison it to make it poison gas and potentially harm
monsters.  You can flood it to make it a wave breaking over open floor and
 potentially harm monsters.  


muddy floor
-----------
This is a floor that occasionally appears on dungeon level 12 and below as
a 'lake' of terrain.  You can walk on this floor and can see, cast spells
 and fire missiles through it without impediment but it blocks monsters
that must swim.  You can drop objects here.  You will remember this floor
 on your overhead map.  You can create glyphs on it to make it glyph of
warding.  You can set traps on it to make it a random trap and potentially
harm monsters.  You can flood it to make it wet floor.  


dusty trail
-----------
This is a floor that occasionally appears on dungeon level 12 and below as
a 'lake' of terrain.  You can walk and run on this floor and can see, cast
spells and fire missiles through it without impediment but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  You can drop objects here.  You will remember
this floor on your overhead map.  You can create glyphs on it to make it 
glyph of warding.  You can set traps on it to make it a random trap and
 potentially harm monsters.  


dusty floor
-----------
This is a floor that occasionally appears on dungeon level 15 and below as
a 'lake' of terrain.  You can walk and run on this floor and can see, cast
spells and fire missiles through it without impediment but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  You can drop objects here.  You can create
glyphs on it to make it glyph of warding.  You can set traps on it to make
it a random trap and potentially harm monsters.  You can disturb it to
 make it dusty trail.  You can flood it to make it open floor.  


broken floor
------------
This is a floor that occasionally appears on dungeon level 15 and below as
a 'lake' of terrain.  You can run and climb on this floor taking an extra
turn to enter the grid and can see, cast spells and fire missiles through
it without impediment.  This floor lets monsters that can fly, climb and 
bore through walls pass over without impediment and hides monsters that
can dig.  You can drop objects here.  You will remember this floor on your
overhead map.  You can get stuck inside this floor should it appear around
you.  You can create glyphs on it to make it glyph of warding.  You can 
set traps on it to make it a random trap and potentially harm monsters.  
You can burn it to make it smoke over a broken floor and potentially harm
monsters.  You can melt it to make it acidic vapour over a broken floor
 and potentially harm monsters.  You can poison it to make it poison gas
over broken floor and potentially harm monsters.  You can flood it to make
it the crest of a wave over hidden deep water and expose the surrounding
grids to daylight and potentially harm monsters.  You can boil or steam it
to make it steam over a broken floor and potentially harm monsters.  You
 can gather it to find a Rounded Pebble.  


earth floor
-----------
This is a floor that occasionally appears on dungeon level 16 and below as
a 'lake' of terrain.  You can walk and run on this floor and can see, cast
spells and fire missiles through it without impediment but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  This floor hides monsters that can dig.  You can
drop objects here.  You can create glyphs on it to make it glyph of warding
.  You can set traps on it to make it a random trap and potentially harm
monsters.  You can magically destroy it to make it pile of rubble and
expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can flood it to make it mud
 and expose the surrounding grids to daylight and potentially harm monsters
.  


wet floor
---------
This is a floor that occasionally appears on dungeon level 18 and below as
a 'lake' of terrain.  You can walk and run on this floor and can see, cast
spells and fire missiles through it without impediment but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  You can drop objects here.  You will remember
this floor on your overhead map.  You can create glyphs on it to make it 
glyph of warding.  You can set traps on it to make it a random trap and
 potentially harm monsters.  


burnt floor
-----------
This is a floor that occasionally appears on dungeon level 18 and below as
a 'lake' of terrain.  You can walk and run on this floor and can see, cast
spells and fire missiles through it without impediment but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  You can drop objects here.  You will remember
this floor on your overhead map.  You can create glyphs on it to make it 
glyph of warding.  You can set traps on it to make it a random trap and
 potentially harm monsters.  You can burn it to make it smoke and
 potentially harm monsters.  You can melt it to make it melted floor.  You
 can poison it to make it poison gas and potentially harm monsters.  You
 can flood it to make it a wave breaking over open floor and potentially
harm monsters.  


melted floor
------------
This is a floor that occasionally appears on dungeon level 18 and below as
a 'lake' of terrain.  You can walk and run on this floor and can see, cast
spells and fire missiles through it without impediment but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  You can drop objects here.  You will remember
this floor on your overhead map.  You can create glyphs on it to make it 
glyph of warding.  You can set traps on it to make it a random trap and
 potentially harm monsters.  You can burn it to make it burnt floor.  You
 can melt it to make it acidic vapour and potentially harm monsters.  You
 can poison it to make it poison gas and potentially harm monsters.  You
 can flood it to make it a wave breaking over open floor and potentially
harm monsters.  


open floor
----------
This is a floor that commonly appears on dungeon level 24 and below as a
'lake' of terrain.  You can walk and run on this floor and can see, cast
spells and fire missiles through it without impediment but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  You can drop objects here.  You can create
glyphs on it to make it glyph of warding.  You can set traps on it to make
it a random trap and potentially harm monsters.  You can burn it to make
it smoke and potentially harm monsters.  You can melt it to make it acidic
vapour and potentially harm monsters.  You can poison it to make it poison
gas and potentially harm monsters.  You can flood it to make it a wave
breaking over open floor and potentially harm monsters.  


open sliding wall
-----------------
This is a floor that commonly appears on dungeon level 24 and below.  You
 can walk and run on this floor and can see, cast spells and fire missiles
 through it without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You
can drop objects here.  You can close it to make it closing sliding wall
 and potentially harm monsters.  You can create glyphs on it to make it 
glyph of warding.  You can set traps on it to make it a random trap and
 potentially harm monsters.  


tiled floor
-----------
This is a floor that rarely appears on dungeon level 24 and below.  You
 can walk and run on this floor and can see, cast spells and fire missiles
 through it without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You
can drop objects here.  You will remember this floor on your overhead map.
You can create glyphs on it to make it glyph of warding.  You can set
traps on it to make it a random trap and potentially harm monsters.  You
 can burn it to make it open floor.  


writing-covered floor
---------------------
This is a floor that rarely appears on dungeon level 24 and below.  You
 can walk and run on this floor and can see, cast spells and fire missiles
 through it without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You
can drop objects here.  You will remember this floor on your overhead map.
You can create glyphs on it to make it glyph of warding.  You can set
traps on it to make it a random trap and potentially harm monsters.  You
 can burn it to make it open floor.  




Secrets
-------

vine-covered granite wall
-------------------------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon.  This  wall
 blocks you from moving through it and line of sight, casting spells and 
firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that can climb, pass through
walls and bore through walls pass through without impediment and hides
monsters that can pass through walls.  You will remember this wall on your
overhead map.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it appear around
you.  You can't breath in this.  You can search it to find vines and
expose the surrounding grids to daylight and find an object.  You can 
tunnel it to make it vines and expose the surrounding grids to daylight
 and find an object.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it 
open floor and find an object.  You can burn it to make it open floor and 
find an object.  You can gather it to make it open floor and find a Vinean 
object.  


painting on a granite wall
--------------------------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon next to the
entrance of a corridor in a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving
through it and line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This
 wall lets monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through
walls pass through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass
through walls.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You
stop running next to this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should
it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  You can search it to
 find granite wall.  You can tunnel it to make it open floor.  You can 
magically remove rock from it to make it open floor.  


writing on a granite wall
-------------------------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon next to the
entrance of a corridor in a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving
through it and line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This
 wall lets monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through
walls pass through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass
through walls.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You
stop running next to this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should
it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  You can search it to
 find granite wall.  You can tunnel it to make it open floor.  You can 
magically remove rock from it to make it open floor.  


trapped wall (multiple traps)
-----------------------------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon next to the
entrance of a corridor in a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving
through it and line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This
 wall lets monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through
walls pass through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass
through walls.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You can
get stuck inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath
in this.  You can search it to find trapped wall (multiple traps).  You
 can tunnel it to suffer its effects and make it open floor.  You can 
stumble on it to suffer its effects and make it open floor.  You can 
magically remove rock from it to make it open floor.  


shelf
-----
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon as part of the
inner wall of a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving through it and 
line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets
monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.
You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You stop running next
to this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it appear around
you.  You can't breath in this.  You can search it to find empty shelf.  
You can bash it to make it pile of wood.  You can bash it to make it pile
of wood.  You can tunnel it to make it pile of wood.  You can magically
remove rock from it to make it pile of wood.  You can burn it to make it 
fire and light up the surrounding grids and potentially harm monsters.  


cupboard
--------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon.  This  wall
 blocks you from moving through it and line of sight, casting spells and 
firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that can climb, pass through
walls and bore through walls pass through without impediment and hides
monsters that can pass through walls.  You will remember this wall on your
overhead map.  You stop running next to this wall.  You can get stuck
inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can search it to find 
empty cupboard.  You can open or bash it to make it empty cupboard.  You
 can bash it to make it pile of wood.  You can tunnel it to make it open
floor.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it open floor.  You
 can burn it to make it fire and light up the surrounding grids and
 potentially harm monsters.  


shelf
-----
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon as part of the
outer wall of a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving through it and 
line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets
monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.
You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You stop running next
to this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it appear around
you.  You can't breath in this.  You can search it to find empty shelf.  
You can bash it to make it pile of wood.  You can bash it to make it pile
of wood.  You can tunnel it to make it pile of wood.  You can magically
remove rock from it to make it pile of wood.  You can burn it to make it 
fire and light up the surrounding grids and potentially harm monsters.  


lit fireplace
-------------
This is a glowing wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon.  You
 can climb through this wall taking an extra turn to enter and leave the
grid and making your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks line of
sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that
can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass through without
impediment provided they resist and hides monsters that can pass through
walls.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it
appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  You can search it to find 
empty fireplace and darken the surrounding grids.  You can bash it to take
4d6 damage and make it pile of rubble and darken the surrounding grids and
expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can bash it to take 4d6
damage and make it pile of rubble and darken the surrounding grids and
expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can tunnel it to take 4d6
damage and make it empty fireplace and darken the surrounding grids.  You
 can stumble on it to take 4d6 damage.  You can magically remove rock from
 it to make it empty fireplace and darken the surrounding grids.  You can 
flood it to make it empty fireplace and darken the surrounding grids.  


weapon rack
-----------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon as part of the
outer wall of a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving through it and 
line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets
monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.
You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You stop running next
to this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it appear around
you.  You can't breath in this.  You can search it to find empty shelf.  
You can bash it to make it pile of wood.  You can bash it to make it pile
of wood.  You can tunnel it to make it pile of wood.  You can magically
remove rock from it to make it pile of wood.  You can burn it to make it 
fire and light up the surrounding grids and potentially harm monsters.  


basin
-----
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon.  You can 
climb through this wall taking an extra turn to enter the grid and making
your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks line of sight, casting
spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that can climb, pass
through walls and bore through walls pass through without impediment and
 hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You will remember this wall
 on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this wall.  You can get
stuck inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath in
this.  You can search it to find empty basin.  You can bash it to make it 
pile of rubble and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can bash
 it to make it pile of rubble and expose the surrounding grids to daylight
.  You can tunnel it to make it open floor.  You can magically remove rock
from it to make it open floor.  


midden
------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon.  You can 
climb through this wall taking an extra turn to enter the grid and making
your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks line of sight, casting
spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that can climb, pass
through walls and bore through walls pass through without impediment
 provided they resist and hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You
will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You stop running next to
this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it appear around
you.  You can't breath in this.  You can search it to find empty midden.  
You can bash it to take 0d0 damage and make it pile of rubble and expose
the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can bash it to take 0d0 damage and
 make it pile of rubble and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  You
 can tunnel it to take 0d0 damage and make it pile of rubble and expose
the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can stumble on it to take 0d0
damage.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it pile of rubble
 and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can flood it to make
it pile of rubble and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  


stores
------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon.  You can 
climb through this wall taking an extra turn to enter the grid and making
your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks line of sight, casting
spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that can climb, pass
through walls and bore through walls pass through without impediment and
 hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You will remember this wall
 on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this wall.  You can get
stuck inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath in
this.  You can search it to find empty stores.  You can bash it to make it 
pile of wood.  You can bash it to make it pile of wood.  You can tunnel it
to make it open floor.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it 
open floor.  You can burn it to make it fire and light up the surrounding
grids and potentially harm monsters.  


writing on a granite wall
-------------------------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon as part of the
outer wall of a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving through it and 
line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets
monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.
You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You can get stuck
inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  
You can search it to find granite wall.  You can tunnel it to make it open
floor.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it open floor.  


trapped wall (multiple traps)
-----------------------------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon as part of the
outer wall of a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving through it and 
line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets
monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.
You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You stop running next
to this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it appear around
you.  You can't breath in this.  You can search it to find trapped wall
(multiple traps).  You can tunnel it to suffer its effects and make it 
open floor.  You can stumble on it to suffer its effects and make it open
floor.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it open floor.  


stone furnishings
-----------------
This is a ground that commonly appears throughout the dungeon.  You can 
see, cast spells, fire missiles and climb through this ground taking an
extra turn to enter the grid.  This ground lets monsters that can fly, 
climb, ooze, pass through walls and bore through walls pass through
 without impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You
can drop objects here.  You will remember this ground on your overhead
map.  You can get stuck inside this ground should it appear around you.  
You can search it to find empty stone furnishings.  You can tunnel it to
 make it open floor.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it 
open floor.  


wooden furniture
----------------
This is a feature that commonly appears throughout the dungeon.  You can 
see, cast spells, fire missiles, run and climb through this feature taking
an extra turn to enter the grid.  This feature lets monsters that can fly, 
climb, ooze, pass through walls and bore through walls pass through
 without impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You
can drop objects here.  You will remember this feature on your overhead
map.  You can get stuck inside this feature should it appear around you.  
You can search it to find empty wooden furniture.  You can bash it to make
it pile of wood.  You can bash it to make it pile of wood.  You can burn
 it to make it fire and light up the surrounding grids and potentially
harm monsters.  


open lever on a granite wall
----------------------------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon as part of the
outer wall of a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving through it and 
line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets
monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.
You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You stop running next
to this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it appear around
you.  You can't breath in this.  You can search it to find closing lever
on a granite wall and potentially harm monsters.  You can close it to make
it open floor.  You can tunnel it to make it open floor.  You can 
magically remove rock from it to make it open floor.  


closed lever on a granite wall
------------------------------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon as part of the
outer wall of a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving through it and 
line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets
monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.
You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You stop running next
to this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it appear around
you.  You can't breath in this.  You can search it to find opening lever
on a granite wall and potentially harm monsters.  You can open it to make
it open floor.  You can tunnel it to make it open floor.  You can 
magically remove rock from it to make it open floor.  


shelf
-----
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon next to the
entrance of a corridor in a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving
through it and line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This
 wall lets monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through
walls pass through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass
through walls.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You
stop running next to this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should
it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  You can search it to
 find empty shelf.  You can bash it to make it pile of wood.  You can bash
 it to make it pile of wood.  You can tunnel it to make it pile of wood.  
You can magically remove rock from it to make it pile of wood.  You can 
burn it to make it fire and light up the surrounding grids and potentially
harm monsters.  


weapon rack
-----------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon next to the
entrance of a corridor in a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving
through it and line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This
 wall lets monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through
walls pass through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass
through walls.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You
stop running next to this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should
it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  You can search it to
 find empty shelf.  You can bash it to make it pile of wood.  You can bash
 it to make it pile of wood.  You can tunnel it to make it pile of wood.  
You can magically remove rock from it to make it pile of wood.  You can 
burn it to make it fire and light up the surrounding grids and potentially
harm monsters.  


weapon rack
-----------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon as part of the
inner wall of a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving through it and 
line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets
monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.
You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You stop running next
to this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it appear around
you.  You can't breath in this.  You can search it to find empty shelf.  
You can bash it to make it pile of wood.  You can bash it to make it pile
of wood.  You can tunnel it to make it pile of wood.  You can magically
remove rock from it to make it pile of wood.  You can burn it to make it 
fire and light up the surrounding grids and potentially harm monsters.  


stores
------
This is a wall that occasionally appears throughout the dungeon.  You can 
climb through this wall taking an extra turn to enter the grid and making
your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks line of sight, casting
spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that can climb, pass
through walls and bore through walls pass through without impediment and
 hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You will remember this wall
 on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this wall.  You can get
stuck inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath in
this.  You can search it to find empty stores and find an object.  You can 
bash it to make it a pile of wood containing something.  You can bash it to
 make it a pile of wood containing something.  You can tunnel it to make
it open floor and find an object.  You can magically remove rock from it to
 make it open floor and find an object.  You can burn it to make it fire
 and light up the surrounding grids and find an object and potentially
harm monsters.  


locked cupboard
---------------
This is a wall that occasionally appears throughout the dungeon.  This 
 wall blocks you from moving through it and line of sight, casting spells
 and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that can climb, pass
through walls and bore through walls pass through without impediment and
 hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You will remember this wall
 on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this wall.  You can get
stuck inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can search it to
 find locked cupboard.  You can open or bash it to make it locked cupboard
.  You can bash it to make it a pile of wood containing something.  You
 can tunnel it to make it open floor and find an object.  You can 
magically remove rock from it to make it open floor and find an object.  
You can burn it to make it fire and light up the surrounding grids and 
find an object and potentially harm monsters.  


shelf
-----
This is a wall that occasionally appears throughout the dungeon as part of
the outer wall of a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving through it
 and line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets
monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.
You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You stop running next
to this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it appear around
you.  You can't breath in this.  You can search it to find empty shelf and 
find an object.  You can bash it to make it a pile of wood containing
something.  You can bash it to make it a pile of wood containing something
.  You can tunnel it to make it a pile of wood containing something.  You
 can magically remove rock from it to make it a pile of wood containing
something.  You can burn it to make it fire and light up the surrounding
grids and find an object and potentially harm monsters.  


locked cupboard
---------------
This is a wall that occasionally appears throughout the dungeon.  This 
 wall blocks you from moving through it and line of sight, casting spells
 and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that can climb, pass
through walls and bore through walls pass through without impediment and
 hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You will remember this wall
 on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this wall.  You can get
stuck inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can search it to
 find open floor and find an object.  You can open or bash it to make it 
empty cupboard and find an object.  You can bash it to make it a pile of
wood containing something.  You can tunnel it to make it open floor and 
find an object.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it open
floor and find an object.  You can burn it to make it fire and light up
the surrounding grids and find an object and potentially harm monsters.  


shelf
-----
This is a wall that occasionally appears throughout the dungeon as part of
the inner wall of a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving through it
 and line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets
monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.
You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You stop running next
to this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it appear around
you.  You can't breath in this.  You can search it to find empty shelf and 
find an object.  You can bash it to make it a pile of wood containing
something.  You can bash it to make it a pile of wood containing something
.  You can tunnel it to make it a pile of wood containing something.  You
 can magically remove rock from it to make it a pile of wood containing
something.  You can burn it to make it fire and light up the surrounding
grids and find an object and potentially harm monsters.  


weapon rack
-----------
This is a wall that rarely appears throughout the dungeon as part of the
outer wall of a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving through it and 
line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets
monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.
You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You stop running next
to this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it appear around
you.  You can't breath in this.  You can search it to find empty shelf and 
find an object.  You can bash it to make it a pile of wood containing
something.  You can bash it to make it a pile of wood containing something
.  You can tunnel it to make it a pile of wood containing something.  You
 can magically remove rock from it to make it a pile of wood containing
something.  You can burn it to make it fire and light up the surrounding
grids and find an object and potentially harm monsters.  


weapon rack
-----------
This is a wall that rarely appears throughout the dungeon as part of the
inner wall of a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving through it and 
line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets
monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.
You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You stop running next
to this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it appear around
you.  You can't breath in this.  You can search it to find empty shelf and 
find an object.  You can bash it to make it a pile of wood containing
something.  You can bash it to make it a pile of wood containing something
.  You can tunnel it to make it a pile of wood containing something.  You
 can magically remove rock from it to make it a pile of wood containing
something.  You can burn it to make it fire and light up the surrounding
grids and find an object and potentially harm monsters.  


wooden furniture
----------------
This is a feature that rarely appears throughout the dungeon.  You can see
, cast spells, fire missiles, run and climb through this feature taking an
extra turn to enter the grid.  This feature lets monsters that can fly, 
climb, ooze, pass through walls and bore through walls pass through
 without impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You
can drop objects here.  You will remember this feature on your overhead
map.  You can get stuck inside this feature should it appear around you.  
You can search it to find empty wooden furniture and find an object.  You
 can bash it to make it pile of wood and find an object.  You can bash it
to make it pile of wood and find an object.  You can burn it to make it 
fire and light up the surrounding grids and find an object and potentially
harm monsters.  


midden
------
This is a wall that rarely appears throughout the dungeon.  You can climb
 through this wall taking an extra turn to enter the grid and making your
equipment significantly heavier but it blocks line of sight, casting spells
 and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that can climb, pass
through walls and bore through walls pass through without impediment
 provided they resist and hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You
will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You stop running next to
this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it appear around
you.  You can't breath in this.  You can search it to find a midden
containing something.  You can bash it to take 0d0 damage and make it a
pile of rubble containing something and expose the surrounding grids to
daylight.  You can bash it to take 0d0 damage and make it a pile of rubble
containing something and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  You
 can tunnel it to take 0d0 damage and make it a pile of rubble containing
something and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can stumble on
 it to take 0d0 damage and make it midden and find an object.  You can 
magically remove rock from it to make it a pile of rubble containing
something and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can flood it
to make it empty midden and find an object.  


lit fireplace
-------------
This is a glowing wall that rarely appears throughout the dungeon.  You
 can climb through this wall taking an extra turn to enter and leave the
grid and making your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks line of
sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that
can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass through without
impediment provided they resist and hides monsters that can pass through
walls.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it
appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  You can search it to find a
lit fireplace containing something.  You can bash it to take 4d6 damage
 and make it a pile of rubble containing something and darken the
surrounding grids and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can 
bash it to take 4d6 damage and make it a pile of rubble containing
something and darken the surrounding grids and expose the surrounding
grids to daylight.  You can tunnel it to take 4d6 damage and make it empty
fireplace and darken the surrounding grids and find an object.  You can 
stumble on it to take 4d6 damage.  You can magically remove rock from it to
 make it empty fireplace and darken the surrounding grids and find an 
object.  You can flood it to make it empty fireplace and darken the
surrounding grids and find an object.  


basin
-----
This is a wall that rarely appears throughout the dungeon.  You can climb
 through this wall taking an extra turn to enter the grid and making your
equipment significantly heavier but it blocks line of sight, casting spells
 and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that can climb, pass
through walls and bore through walls pass through without impediment and
 hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You will remember this wall
 on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this wall.  You can get
stuck inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath in
this.  You can search it to find empty basin and find an object.  You can 
bash it to make it a pile of rubble containing something and expose the
surrounding grids to daylight.  You can bash it to make it a pile of
rubble containing something and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  
You can tunnel it to make it open floor and find an object.  You can 
magically remove rock from it to make it open floor and find an object.  


stone furnishings
-----------------
This is a ground that rarely appears throughout the dungeon.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and climb through this ground taking an extra
turn to enter the grid.  This ground lets monsters that can fly, climb, 
ooze, pass through walls and bore through walls pass through without
impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You can drop
objects here.  You will remember this ground on your overhead map.  You
can get stuck inside this ground should it appear around you.  You can 
search it to find empty stone furnishings and find an object.  You can 
tunnel it to make it open floor and find an object.  You can magically
remove rock from it to make it open floor and find an object.  


thorns
------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 30 and below as a
'lake' of terrain.  You can cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this feature taking an extra turn to leave the grid but it blocks 
monsters that must fly, must swim and line of sight.  This feature lets
monsters that can bore through walls pass through without impediment
 provided they resist.  You can drop objects here but they will disappear
from view.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You can 
search it to find thorns.  You can stumble on it to take 1d4 damage.  You
 can burn it to make it bush fire and light up the surrounding grids.  


impassable tree trunk
---------------------
This is a tree that commonly appears on dungeon level 30 and below as a
'lake' of terrain.  This  tree blocks you from moving through it and 
monsters that pass through walls, climb, line of sight, casting spells and 
firing missiles.  This tree lets monsters that can bore through walls pass 
through without impediment and hides monsters that can sneak.  You will
remember this tree on your overhead map.  You can get stuck inside this
 tree should it appear around you.  You can search it to find impassable
tree trunk.  You can bash it to make it tree trunk and cover the
surrounding grids with branches and expose the surrounding grids to
daylight.  You can bash it to make it tree trunk and cover the surrounding
grids with branches and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can 
tunnel it to make it tree trunk and cover the surrounding grids with
branches and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can burn it to
 make it wall of fire and light up the surrounding grids and cover the
surrounding grids with branches and potentially harm monsters.  


poisonous thorns
----------------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 40 and below as a
'lake' of terrain.  You can cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that must fly, 
must swim and line of sight.  This feature lets monsters that can bore
through walls pass through without impediment provided they resist.  You
can drop objects here but they will disappear from view.  You will
remember this feature on your overhead map.  You can search it to find 
poisonous thorns.  You can stumble on it to take 2d4 damage.  You can burn
 it to make it bush fire and light up the surrounding grids.  You can use
 it to no effect.  You can gather it to no effect.  


impassable thicket
------------------
This is a ground that commonly appears on dungeon level 40 and below as a
'lake' of terrain.  This  ground blocks you from moving through it and 
monsters that pass through walls, climb, line of sight, casting spells and 
firing missiles.  This ground lets monsters that can fly and bore through
walls pass through without impediment and hides monsters that can sneak.  
You will remember this ground on your overhead map.  You can get stuck
inside this ground should it appear around you.  You can search it to find 
impassable thicket.  You can bash it to make it thicket.  You can bash it
to make it thicket.  You can tunnel it to make it thicket.  You can burn
 it to make it wall of fire and light up the surrounding grids and
 potentially harm monsters.  




Traps
-----

invisible trap
--------------
This is a trap that commonly appears throughout the dungeon as a specially
placed item with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles, 
walk and run through this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters
that must swim.  You can search it to find a random trap.  You can stumble
on it to make it a random trap.  


pit
---
This is a trap that commonly appears throughout the dungeon with a hidden
trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this trap
 taking an extra turn to leave the grid but it blocks monsters that must
swim.  This trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls
 pass through without impediment provided they resist and hides monsters
that can stay still.  You will remember this trap on your overhead map.  
You stop running next to this trap.  You can spike it to make it spiked pit
.  You can disarm it to make it open floor.  You can tunnel it to take 2d6
damage and make it deep pit.  You can stumble on it to take 2d6 damage.  
You can flood it to make it deep water and expose the surrounding grids to
daylight.  


spring-loaded trap
------------------
This is a trap that commonly appears throughout the dungeon with a hidden
trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this trap
 without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This trap lets
monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass through without
impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this trap on your
overhead map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can disarm it to
 make it open floor and find a Dart.  You can stumble on it to take 1d4
damage.  


gas trap
--------
This is a trap that commonly appears throughout the dungeon with a hidden
trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this trap
 without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This trap lets
monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass through without
impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this trap on your
overhead map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can disarm it to
 make it open floor.  You can stumble on it to take 0d0 damage.  


loose rock
----------
This is a trap that commonly appears throughout the dungeon with a hidden
trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this trap
 without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will
remember this trap on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this
 trap.  You can disarm it to make it open floor and find an object.  You
 can stumble on it to make it open floor and find an object.  You can 
disturb it to make it open floor and find an object.  


strange rune
------------
This is a trap that commonly appears on dungeon level 2 and below with a
hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This
 trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment.  You will remember this trap on your overhead
map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can disarm it to make it 
open floor.  You can stumble on it to suffer its effects.  


spring-loaded trap
------------------
This is a trap that commonly appears on dungeon level 2 and below with a
hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This
 trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this
 trap on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can 
disarm it to make it open floor and find a Dart.  You can stumble on it to
 take 1d4 damage.  


gas trap
--------
This is a trap that commonly appears on dungeon level 2 and below with a
hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This
 trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this
 trap on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can 
disarm it to make it open floor.  You can stumble on it to take 0d0 damage
.  


murder hole
-----------
This is a trap that commonly appears on dungeon level 2 and below with a
hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This
 trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this
 trap on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can 
disarm it to make it open floor and find an Arrow.  You can stumble on it
to take 1d6 damage.  


stone face
----------
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 2 and below with
a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This
 trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this
 trap on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can 
disarm it to make it open floor.  You can stumble on it to take 0d0 damage
.  


tripwire
--------
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 2 and below with
a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You
will remember this trap on your overhead map.  You stop running next to
this trap.  You can disarm it to make it open floor.  You can stumble on
 it to no effect.  


magic symbol
------------
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 2 and below with
a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This
 trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this
 trap on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can 
disarm it to make it open floor.  You can stumble on it to take 0d0 damage
.  


ancient hex
-----------
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 2 and below with
a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This
 trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment.  You will remember this trap on your overhead
map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can disarm it to make it 
open floor.  You can stumble on it to suffer its effects.  


magic symbol
------------
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 2 and below with
a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This
 trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this
 trap on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can 
disarm it to make it open floor.  You can stumble on it to take 8d6 damage
 and make it large wooden chest.  


spiked pit
----------
This is a trap that commonly appears on dungeon level 3 and below with a
hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this trap taking an extra turn to leave the grid but it blocks monsters
that must swim.  This trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore
through walls pass through without impediment provided they resist and
 hides monsters that can stay still.  You will remember this trap on your
overhead map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can disarm it to
 make it open floor and find an Iron Spike.  You can tunnel it to take 4d6
damage and make it deep spiked pit.  You can stumble on it to take 4d6
damage.  You can poison it to make it poisoned spiked pit.  You can flood
 it to make it deep water and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  


spring-loaded trap
------------------
This is a trap that commonly appears on dungeon level 3 and below with a
hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This
 trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this
 trap on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can 
disarm it to make it open floor and find a Dart.  You can stumble on it to
 take 1d4 damage.  


gas trap
--------
This is a trap that commonly appears on dungeon level 3 and below with a
hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This
 trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this
 trap on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can 
disarm it to make it open floor.  You can stumble on it to take 0d0 damage
.  


loose rock
----------
This is a trap that commonly appears on dungeon level 3 and below with a
hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This
 trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this
 trap on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can 
disarm it to make it open floor.  You can stumble on it to take 0d0 damage
 and make it open floor.  


stone face
----------
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 3 and below with
a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This
 trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this
 trap on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can 
disarm it to make it open floor.  You can stumble on it to take 0d0 damage
.  


magic symbol
------------
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 3 and below with
a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This
 trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this
 trap on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can 
disarm it to make it open floor.  You can stumble on it to take 0d0 damage
.  


poisoned spiked pit
-------------------
This is a trap that commonly appears on dungeon level 4 and below with a
hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this trap taking an extra turn to leave the grid but it blocks monsters
that must swim.  This trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore
through walls pass through without impediment provided they resist and
 hides monsters that can stay still.  You will remember this trap on your
overhead map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can disarm it to
 make it open floor and find an Iron Spike.  You can tunnel it to take 4d6
damage and make it deep poisoned spiked pit.  You can stumble on it to
 take 4d6 damage.  You can flood it to make it deep water and expose the
surrounding grids to daylight.  


discolored spot
---------------
This is a trap that commonly appears on dungeon level 4 and below with a
hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This
 trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this
 trap on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can 
disarm it to make it open floor and find a Flask of Oil.  You can stumble
on it to take 4d6 damage.  


discolored spot
---------------
This is a trap that commonly appears on dungeon level 4 and below with a
hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This
 trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this
 trap on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can 
disarm it to make it open floor and find a Flask of Acid.  You can stumble
on it to take 4d6 damage.  


spring-loaded trap
------------------
This is a trap that commonly appears on dungeon level 4 and below with a
hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This
 trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this
 trap on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can 
disarm it to make it open floor and find a Dart.  You can stumble on it to
 take 1d4 damage.  


gas trap
--------
This is a trap that commonly appears on dungeon level 4 and below with a
hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This
 trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this
 trap on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can 
disarm it to make it open floor.  You can stumble on it to take 0d0 damage
 and make it open floor.  


gas trap
--------
This is a trap that commonly appears on dungeon level 4 and below with a
hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This
 trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this
 trap on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can 
disarm it to make it open floor.  You can stumble on it to take 4d6 damage
.  


stone face
----------
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 4 and below with
a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This
 trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this
 trap on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can 
disarm it to make it open floor.  You can stumble on it to take 0d0 damage
.  


tripwire
--------
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 4 and below with
a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This
 trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this
 trap on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can 
disarm it to make it open floor.  You can stumble on it to take 4d6 damage
.  


ancient hex
-----------
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 4 and below with
a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This
 trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment.  You will remember this trap on your overhead
map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can disarm it to make it 
open floor.  You can stumble on it to suffer its effects.  


trap door
---------
This is a trap that commonly appears on dungeon level 5 and below with a
hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This
 trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist and hides monsters that
can stay still.  You will remember this trap on your overhead map.  You
stop running next to this trap.  You can disarm it to make it open floor.  
You can stumble on it to take 6d6 damage.  


murder hole
-----------
This is a trap that commonly appears on dungeon level 5 and below with a
hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This
 trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this
 trap on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can 
disarm it to make it open floor and find a Bolt.  You can stumble on it to
 take 3d6 damage.  


deep pit
--------
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 5 and below with
a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this trap taking an extra turn to leave the grid but it blocks monsters
that must swim.  This trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore
through walls pass through without impediment provided they resist and
 hides monsters that can stay still.  You will remember this trap on your
overhead map.  You stop running next to this trap.  Whilst in this trap
 you take 5d6 damage continuously.  You can spike it to make it deep
spiked pit.  You can disarm it to make it open floor.  You can flood it to
 make it deep water and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  


stone face
----------
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 5 and below with
a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This
 trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this
 trap on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can 
disarm it to make it open floor.  You can stumble on it to take 0d0 damage
.  


magic symbol
------------
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 5 and below with
a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This
 trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this
 trap on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can 
disarm it to make it open floor.  You can stumble on it to take 0d0 damage
.  


strange rune
------------
This is a trap that commonly appears on dungeon level 6 and below with a
hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This
 trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment.  You will remember this trap on your overhead
map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can disarm it to make it 
open floor.  You can stumble on it to suffer its effects and make it open
floor.  


loose rock
----------
This is a trap that commonly appears on dungeon level 6 and below with a
hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This
 trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this
 trap on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can 
disarm it to make it open floor and find a large Rock.  You can stumble on
 it to take 4d6 damage and make it open floor.  


tripwire
--------
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 6 and below with
a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This
 trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this
 trap on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can 
disarm it to make it open floor.  You can stumble on it to take 0d0 damage
.  


strange rune
------------
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 6 and below with
a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This
 trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment.  You will remember this trap on your overhead
map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can disarm it to make it 
open floor.  You can stumble on it to suffer its effects and make it open
floor.  


magic symbol
------------
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 6 and below with
a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This
 trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this
 trap on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can 
disarm it to make it open floor.  You can stumble on it to take 0d0 damage
.  


magic symbol
------------
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 6 and below with
a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This
 trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this
 trap on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can 
disarm it to make it open floor.  You can stumble on it to take 0d0 damage
.  


ancient hex
-----------
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 6 and below with
a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This
 trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment.  You will remember this trap on your overhead
map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can disarm it to make it 
open floor.  You can stumble on it to suffer its effects.  


murder hole
-----------
This is a trap that commonly appears on dungeon level 8 and below with a
hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This
 trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this
 trap on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can 
disarm it to make it open floor and find a Seeker Arrow.  You can stumble
on it to take 5d6 damage.  


tripwire
--------
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 8 and below with
a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This
 trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this
 trap on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can 
disarm it to make it open floor.  You can stumble on it to take 0d0 damage
.  


magic symbol
------------
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 8 and below with
a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This
 trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this
 trap on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can 
disarm it to make it open floor.  You can stumble on it to take 20d1 damage
.  


ancient hex
-----------
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 8 and below with
a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This
 trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment.  You will remember this trap on your overhead
map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can disarm it to make it 
open floor.  You can stumble on it to suffer its effects.  


strange rune
------------
This is a trap that commonly appears on dungeon level 10 and below with a
hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This
 trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment.  You will remember this trap on your overhead
map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can disarm it to make it 
open floor.  You can stumble on it to suffer its effects.  


explosive trap
--------------
This is a trap that commonly appears on dungeon level 10 and below with a
hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This
 trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment.  You will remember this trap on your overhead
map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can disarm it to make it 
open floor and find a Potion of Detonations.  You can stumble on it to
 suffer its effects and make it open floor.  


stone face
----------
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 10 and below
 with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim
.  This trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this
 trap on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can 
disarm it to make it open floor.  You can stumble on it to take 0d0 damage
.  


stone face
----------
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 10 and below
 with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim
.  This trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment.  You will remember this trap on your overhead
map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can disarm it to make it 
open floor.  You can stumble on it to suffer its effects.  


murder hole
-----------
This is a trap that commonly appears on dungeon level 11 and below with a
hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This
 trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this
 trap on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can 
disarm it to make it open floor and find a Seeker Bolt.  You can stumble on
 it to take 7d6 damage.  


deep spiked pit
---------------
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 11 and below
 with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this trap taking an extra turn to leave the grid but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  This trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and 
bore through walls pass through without impediment provided they resist
 and hides monsters that can stay still.  You will remember this trap on
your overhead map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can disarm it
to make it open floor and find an Iron Spike.  You can stumble on it to
 take 12d6 damage.  You can poison it to make it deep poisoned spiked pit.
You can flood it to make it deep water and expose the surrounding grids to
daylight.  


loose rock
----------
This is a trap that commonly appears on dungeon level 12 and below with a
hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This
 trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment.  You will remember this trap on your overhead
map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can disarm it to make it 
open floor.  You can stumble on it to suffer its effects and make it open
floor.  


strange rune
------------
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 12 and below
 with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim
.  This trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment.  You will remember this trap on your overhead
map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can disarm it to make it 
open floor.  You can stumble on it to suffer its effects and make it open
floor.  


ancient hex
-----------
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 12 and below
 with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim
.  This trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment.  You will remember this trap on your overhead
map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can disarm it to make it 
open floor.  You can stumble on it to suffer its effects.  


magic symbol
------------
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 12 and below
 with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim
.  This trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this
 trap on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can 
disarm it to make it open floor.  You can stumble on it to take 8d6 damage
.  


deep poisoned spiked pit
------------------------
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 13 and below
 with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this trap taking an extra turn to leave the grid but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  This trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and 
bore through walls pass through without impediment provided they resist
 and hides monsters that can stay still.  You will remember this trap on
your overhead map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can disarm it
to make it open floor and find an Iron Spike.  You can stumble on it to
 take 12d6 damage.  You can flood it to make it deep water and expose the
surrounding grids to daylight.  


pit
---
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 13 and below
 with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this trap taking an extra turn to leave the grid but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  This trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and 
bore through walls pass through without impediment provided they resist
 and hides monsters that can stay still.  You will remember this trap on
your overhead map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can disarm it
to make it open floor.  You can stumble on it to take 6d6 damage and make
it deep water and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can flood
 it to make it deep water and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  


pit
---
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 14 and below
 with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this trap taking an extra turn to leave the grid but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  This trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and 
bore through walls pass through without impediment provided they resist
 and hides monsters that can stay still.  You will remember this trap on
your overhead map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can disarm it
to make it open floor.  You can stumble on it to take 6d6 damage and make
it deep burning oil and light up the surrounding grids and expose the
surrounding grids to daylight.  You can flood it to make it deep water and
expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  


stone face
----------
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 15 and below
 with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim
.  This trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this
 trap on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can 
disarm it to make it open floor.  You can stumble on it to take 0d0 damage
.  


stone face
----------
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 15 and below
 with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim
.  This trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment.  You will remember this trap on your overhead
map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can disarm it to make it 
open floor.  You can stumble on it to suffer its effects.  


pit
---
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 15 and below
 with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this trap taking an extra turn to leave the grid but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  This trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and 
bore through walls pass through without impediment provided they resist
 and hides monsters that can stay still.  You will remember this trap on
your overhead map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can disarm it
to make it open floor.  You can stumble on it to take 6d6 damage and make
it boiling water and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can 
flood it to make it deep water and expose the surrounding grids to daylight
.  


magic symbol
------------
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 15 and below
 with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim
.  This trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this
 trap on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can 
disarm it to make it open floor.  You can stumble on it to take 8d6 damage
.  


pit
---
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 16 and below
 with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this trap taking an extra turn to leave the grid but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  This trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and 
bore through walls pass through without impediment provided they resist
 and hides monsters that can stay still.  You will remember this trap on
your overhead map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can disarm it
to make it open floor.  You can stumble on it to take 6d6 damage and make
it deep acid.  You can flood it to make it deep water and expose the
surrounding grids to daylight.  


ancient hex
-----------
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 16 and below
 with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim
.  This trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment.  You will remember this trap on your overhead
map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can disarm it to make it 
open floor.  You can stumble on it to suffer its effects.  


loose rock
----------
This is a trap that commonly appears on dungeon level 18 and below with a
hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This
 trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this
 trap on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can 
disarm it to make it open floor.  You can stumble on it to take 0d0 damage
 and make it wooden cage.  


strange rune
------------
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 18 and below
 with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim
.  This trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment.  You will remember this trap on your overhead
map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can disarm it to make it 
open floor.  You can stumble on it to suffer its effects and make it open
floor.  


ancient hex
-----------
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 18 and below
 with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim
.  This trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment.  You will remember this trap on your overhead
map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can disarm it to make it 
open floor.  You can stumble on it to suffer its effects.  


magic symbol
------------
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 18 and below
 with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim
.  This trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this
 trap on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can 
disarm it to make it open floor.  You can stumble on it to take 8d6 damage
.  


stone face
----------
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 20 and below
 with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim
.  This trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this
 trap on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can 
disarm it to make it open floor.  You can stumble on it to take 0d0 damage
.  


stone face
----------
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 20 and below
 with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim
.  This trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment.  You will remember this trap on your overhead
map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can disarm it to make it 
open floor.  You can stumble on it to suffer its effects.  


ancient hex
-----------
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 21 and below
 with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim
.  This trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this
 trap on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can 
disarm it to make it open floor.  You can stumble on it to take 8d6 damage
.  


loose rock
----------
This is a trap that commonly appears on dungeon level 24 and below with a
hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This
 trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this
 trap on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can 
disarm it to make it open floor and find a large Rock.  You can stumble on
 it to take 16d6 damage and make it open floor.  


strange rune
------------
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 24 and below
 with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim
.  This trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment.  You will remember this trap on your overhead
map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can disarm it to make it 
open floor.  You can stumble on it to suffer its effects and make it open
floor.  


ancient hex
-----------
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 24 and below
 with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim
.  This trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment.  You will remember this trap on your overhead
map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can disarm it to make it 
open floor.  You can stumble on it to suffer its effects.  


ancient hex
-----------
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 24 and below
 with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim
.  This trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this
 trap on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can 
disarm it to make it open floor.  You can stumble on it to take 8d6 damage
.  


stone face
----------
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 25 and below
 with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim
.  This trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment.  You will remember this trap on your overhead
map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can disarm it to make it 
open floor.  You can stumble on it to suffer its effects.  


pulsing pile of rubble
----------------------
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 25 and below
 with a hidden trap.  You can climb through this trap taking an extra turn
to enter the grid but it blocks line of sight, casting spells and firing
missiles.  This trap lets monsters that can climb, dig, ooze, pass through
walls and bore through walls pass through without impediment provided they
resist and hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You will remember
this trap on your overhead map.  You can get stuck inside this trap should
it appear around you.  Whilst in this trap you take 0d0 damage
 continuously.  You can dig it to make it open floor and hide the
surrounding grids from the sun.  You can magically remove rock from it to
 make it open floor and hide the surrounding grids from the sun.  You can 
gather it to make it open floor and hide the surrounding grids from the sun
 and find a Rounded Pebble.  


ancient hex
-----------
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 27 and below
 with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim
.  This trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this
 trap on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can 
disarm it to make it open floor.  You can stumble on it to take 8d6 damage
.  


stone face
----------
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 30 and below
 with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim
.  This trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment.  You will remember this trap on your overhead
map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can disarm it to make it 
open floor.  You can stumble on it to suffer its effects.  


magic symbol
------------
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 30 and below
 with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim
.  This trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this
 trap on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can 
disarm it to make it open floor.  You can stumble on it to take 8d6 damage
.  


loose rock
----------
This is a trap that commonly appears on dungeon level 32 and below with a
hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This
 trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this
 trap on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can 
disarm it to make it open floor.  You can stumble on it to take 0d0 damage
 and make it iron cage.  


magic symbol
------------
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 33 and below
 with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim
.  This trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this
 trap on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can 
disarm it to make it open floor.  You can stumble on it to take 8d6 damage
.  


magic symbol
------------
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 36 and below
 with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim
.  This trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this
 trap on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can 
disarm it to make it open floor.  You can stumble on it to take 8d6 damage
.  


stone face
----------
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 60 and below
 with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim
.  This trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment.  You will remember this trap on your overhead
map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can disarm it to make it 
open floor.  You can stumble on it to suffer its effects.  


strange rune
------------
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 60 and below
 with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim
.  This trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment.  You will remember this trap on your overhead
map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can disarm it to make it 
open floor.  You can stumble on it to suffer its effects and make it open
floor.  


stone face
----------
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 70 and below
 with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim
.  This trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment.  You will remember this trap on your overhead
map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can disarm it to make it 
open floor.  You can stumble on it to suffer its effects.  


strange rune
------------
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 70 and below
 with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim
.  This trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment.  You will remember this trap on your overhead
map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can disarm it to make it 
open floor.  You can stumble on it to suffer its effects and make it open
floor.  


stone face
----------
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 80 and below
 with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim
.  This trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment.  You will remember this trap on your overhead
map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can disarm it to make it 
open floor.  You can stumble on it to suffer its effects.  


strange rune
------------
This is a trap that occasionally appears on dungeon level 80 and below
 with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this trap without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim
.  This trap lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment.  You will remember this trap on your overhead
map.  You stop running next to this trap.  You can disarm it to make it 
open floor.  You can stumble on it to suffer its effects and make it open
floor.  




Doors
-----

curtain
-------
This is a door that commonly appears in both the town and dungeon placed
in a doorway.  You can cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this
 door without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim and line of
sight.  You can drop objects here but they will disappear from view.  You
will remember this door on your overhead map.  You stop running next to
this door.  You can open it to make it open curtain.  You can burn it to
 make it smoke and potentially harm monsters.  You can flood it to make it 
a wave breaking through an open door and potentially harm monsters.  


open curtain
------------
This is a door that commonly appears in both the town and dungeon placed
in a doorway.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this door without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You
can drop objects here.  You will remember this door on your overhead map.  
You stop running next to this door.  You can close it to make it curtain.  
You can burn it to make it smoke and potentially harm monsters.  You can 
flood it to make it a wave breaking through an open door and potentially
harm monsters.  


painting on a granite wall
--------------------------
This is a door that commonly appears throughout the dungeon placed in a
doorway.  This  door blocks you from moving through it and line of sight, 
casting spells and firing missiles.  This door lets monsters that can 
climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass through without
impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You will
remember this door on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this
 door.  You can get stuck inside this door should it appear around you.  
You can't breath in this.  You can search it to find door and find an 
object.  You can tunnel it to make it open floor and find an object.  You
 can magically remove rock from it to make it open floor and find an 
object.  


writing on granite wall
-----------------------
This is a door that commonly appears throughout the dungeon placed in a
doorway.  This  door blocks you from moving through it and line of sight, 
casting spells and firing missiles.  This door lets monsters that can 
climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass through without
impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You will
remember this door on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this
 door.  You can get stuck inside this door should it appear around you.  
You can't breath in this.  You can search it to find door and find an 
object.  You can tunnel it to make it open floor and find an object.  You
 can magically remove rock from it to make it open floor and find an 
object.  


burning torch on a granite wall
-------------------------------
This is a glowing door that commonly appears throughout the dungeon placed
in a doorway.  This  door blocks you from moving through it and line of
sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This door lets monsters that
can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass through without
impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You will
remember this door on your overhead map.  You can get stuck inside this
 door should it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  You can 
search it to find door and darken the surrounding grids.  You can tunnel
 it to make it burning torch.  You can magically remove rock from it to
 make it granite wall and darken the surrounding grids.  You can burn it to
 make it granite wall and darken the surrounding grids.  You can flood it
to make it granite wall and darken the surrounding grids.  


open door
---------
This is a door that commonly appears throughout the dungeon placed in a
doorway.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles, walk and run through
 this door without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You
will remember this door on your overhead map.  You stop running next to
this door.  You can bash it to make it open floor.  You can close it to
 make it door.  You can bash it to make it broken door.  You can burn it to
 make it fire and light up the surrounding grids and potentially harm
monsters.  You can melt it to make it acidic vapour and potentially harm
monsters.  You can flood it to make it water through an open door.  


broken door
-----------
This is a door that commonly appears throughout the dungeon placed in a
doorway.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this
 door without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will
remember this door on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this
 door.  You can close it to no effect.  You can burn it to make it fire
 and light up the surrounding grids and potentially harm monsters.  You
 can melt it to make it acidic vapour and potentially harm monsters.  You
 can flood it to make it wet floor.  


door
----
This is a door that commonly appears throughout the dungeon placed in a
doorway.  This  door blocks you from moving through it and line of sight, 
casting spells and firing missiles.  This door lets monsters that can 
climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass through without
impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You will
remember this door on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this
 door.  You can get stuck inside this door should it appear around you.  
You can open or bash it to make it open door.  You can bash it to make it 
broken door.  You can spike it to make it jammed door.  You can tunnel it
to make it broken door.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it 
broken door.  You can burn it to make it fire and light up the surrounding
grids and potentially harm monsters.  You can melt it to make it acidic
vapour and potentially harm monsters.  You can flood it to make it a
random door.  


open door
---------
This is a door that commonly appears throughout the dungeon placed in a
doorway.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this
 door without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will
remember this door on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this
 door.  You can bash it to make it broken door.  You can close it to make
it door.  You can bash it to make it broken door.  You can burn it to make
it fire and light up the surrounding grids and potentially harm monsters.  
You can melt it to make it acidic vapour and potentially harm monsters.  
You can flood it to make it water through an open door.  


open door
---------
This is a door that commonly appears throughout the dungeon placed in a
doorway.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this
 door without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will
remember this door on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this
 door.  You can bash it to make it broken door.  You can close it to make
it locked door.  You can bash it to make it broken door.  You can burn it
to make it fire and light up the surrounding grids and potentially harm
monsters.  You can melt it to make it acidic vapour and potentially harm
monsters.  You can flood it to make it water through an open door.  


open door
---------
This is a door that commonly appears throughout the dungeon placed in a
doorway.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this
 door without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will
remember this door on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this
 door.  You can bash it to make it broken door.  You can close it to make
it locked door.  You can bash it to make it broken door.  You can burn it
to make it fire and light up the surrounding grids and potentially harm
monsters.  You can melt it to make it acidic vapour and potentially harm
monsters.  You can flood it to make it water through an open door.  


open door
---------
This is a door that commonly appears throughout the dungeon placed in a
doorway.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this
 door without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will
remember this door on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this
 door.  You can bash it to make it broken door.  You can close it to make
it locked door.  You can bash it to make it broken door.  You can burn it
to make it fire and light up the surrounding grids and potentially harm
monsters.  You can melt it to make it acidic vapour and potentially harm
monsters.  You can flood it to make it water through an open door.  


open door
---------
This is a door that commonly appears throughout the dungeon placed in a
doorway.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this
 door without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will
remember this door on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this
 door.  You can bash it to make it broken door.  You can close it to make
it locked door.  You can bash it to make it broken door.  You can burn it
to make it fire and light up the surrounding grids and potentially harm
monsters.  You can melt it to make it acidic vapour and potentially harm
monsters.  You can flood it to make it water through an open door.  


open door
---------
This is a door that commonly appears throughout the dungeon placed in a
doorway.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this
 door without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will
remember this door on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this
 door.  You can bash it to make it broken door.  You can close it to make
it locked door.  You can bash it to make it broken door.  You can burn it
to make it fire and light up the surrounding grids and potentially harm
monsters.  You can melt it to make it acidic vapour and potentially harm
monsters.  You can flood it to make it water through an open door.  


open door
---------
This is a door that commonly appears throughout the dungeon placed in a
doorway.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this
 door without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will
remember this door on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this
 door.  You can bash it to make it broken door.  You can close it to make
it locked door.  You can bash it to make it broken door.  You can burn it
to make it fire and light up the surrounding grids and potentially harm
monsters.  You can melt it to make it acidic vapour and potentially harm
monsters.  You can flood it to make it water through an open door.  


window
------
This is a door that commonly appears throughout the dungeon placed in a
doorway.  You can see through this door without impediment but it blocks 
you from moving through it and casting spells and firing missiles.  This
 door lets monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through
walls pass through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass
through walls.  You will remember this door on your overhead map.  You
stop running next to this door.  You can get stuck inside this door should
it appear around you.  You can open or bash it to make it open window.  
You can bash it to make it broken window.  You can tunnel it to make it 
broken window.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it broken
window.  You can magically destroy it to make it broken window.  


open window
-----------
This is a door that commonly appears throughout the dungeon placed in a
doorway.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles, run and climb through
 this door taking an extra turn to enter and leave the grid.  This door
 lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass through
 without impediment.  You will remember this door on your overhead map.  
You stop running next to this door.  You can get stuck inside this door
 should it appear around you.  You can bash it to make it broken window.  
You can close it to make it window.  You can bash it to make it broken
window.  You can magically destroy it to make it broken window.  


broken window
-------------
This is a door that commonly appears throughout the dungeon placed in a
doorway.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and climb through this
 door taking an extra turn to enter and leave the grid.  This door lets
monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass through without
impediment.  You will remember this door on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this door.  You can get stuck inside this door should it
appear around you.  You can close it to no effect.  


open gate
---------
This is a door that commonly appears throughout the dungeon placed in a
doorway.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles, walk and run through
 this door without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You
will remember this door on your overhead map.  You stop running next to
this door.  You can bash it to no effect.  You can close it to make it 
closing gate and potentially harm monsters.  You can bash it to no effect.
You can magically destroy it to no effect.  


opening gate
------------
This is a door that commonly appears throughout the dungeon placed in a
doorway.  You can see, cast spells and fire missiles through this door
 without impediment but it blocks you from moving through it.  This door
 lets monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls
 pass through without impediment provided they resist and hides monsters
that can pass through walls.  You will remember this door on your overhead
map.  You stop running next to this door.  You can get stuck inside this
 door should it appear around you.  Whilst in this door you take 0d0 damage
 continuously.  You can open it to no effect.  You can tunnel it to make
it broken bars.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it broken
bars.  You can magically destroy it to make it broken bars.  


closing gate
------------
This is a door that commonly appears throughout the dungeon placed in a
doorway.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles, walk and run through
 this door without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This
 door lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this
 door on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this door.  Whilst
in this door you take 0d0 damage continuously.  You can close it to no
effect.  You can magically destroy it to make it broken bars.  


shelf
-----
This is a door that commonly appears throughout the dungeon placed in a
doorway.  This  door blocks you from moving through it and line of sight, 
casting spells and firing missiles.  This door lets monsters that can 
climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass through without
impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You will
remember this door on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this
 door.  You can get stuck inside this door should it appear around you.  
You can't breath in this.  You can search it to find door.  You can bash
 it to make it pile of wood.  You can bash it to make it pile of wood.  
You can tunnel it to make it pile of wood.  You can magically remove rock
from it to make it pile of wood.  You can burn it to make it fire and
light up the surrounding grids and potentially harm monsters.  


weapon rack
-----------
This is a door that commonly appears throughout the dungeon placed in a
doorway.  This  door blocks you from moving through it and line of sight, 
casting spells and firing missiles.  This door lets monsters that can 
climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass through without
impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You will
remember this door on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this
 door.  You can get stuck inside this door should it appear around you.  
You can't breath in this.  You can search it to find door.  You can bash
 it to make it pile of wood.  You can bash it to make it pile of wood.  
You can tunnel it to make it pile of wood.  You can magically remove rock
from it to make it pile of wood.  You can burn it to make it fire and
light up the surrounding grids and potentially harm monsters.  


locked door
-----------
This is a door that commonly appears on dungeon level 2 and below placed
in a doorway.  This  door blocks you from moving through it and line of
sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This door lets monsters that
can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass through without
impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You will
remember this door on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this
 door.  You can get stuck inside this door should it appear around you.  
You can open or bash it to make it open door.  You can bash it to make it 
broken door.  You can spike it to make it jammed door.  You can tunnel it
to make it broken door.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it 
broken door.  You can burn it to make it fire and light up the surrounding
grids and potentially harm monsters.  You can melt it to make it acidic
vapour and potentially harm monsters.  You can flood it to make it a
random door.  


secret door
-----------
This is a door that commonly appears on dungeon level 2 and below placed
in a doorway.  This  door blocks you from moving through it and line of
sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This door lets monsters that
can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass through without
impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You will
remember this door on your overhead map.  You can get stuck inside this
 door should it appear around you.  You can search it to find door.  You
 can tunnel it to make it open floor.  You can magically remove rock from
 it to make it open floor.  


jammed door
-----------
This is a door that commonly appears on dungeon level 3 and below placed
in a doorway.  This  door blocks you from moving through it and line of
sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This door lets monsters that
can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass through without
impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You will
remember this door on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this
 door.  You can get stuck inside this door should it appear around you.  
You can open or bash it to make it broken door.  You can bash it to make
it broken door.  You can spike it to make it jammed door.  You can tunnel
 it to make it broken door.  You can magically remove rock from it to make
it broken door.  You can burn it to make it fire and light up the
surrounding grids and potentially harm monsters.  You can melt it to make
it acidic vapour and potentially harm monsters.  


locked door
-----------
This is a door that commonly appears on dungeon level 4 and below placed
in a doorway.  This  door blocks you from moving through it and line of
sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This door lets monsters that
can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass through without
impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You will
remember this door on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this
 door.  You can get stuck inside this door should it appear around you.  
You can open or bash it to make it open door.  You can bash it to make it 
broken door.  You can spike it to make it jammed door.  You can tunnel it
to make it broken door.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it 
broken door.  You can burn it to make it fire and light up the surrounding
grids and potentially harm monsters.  You can melt it to make it acidic
vapour and potentially harm monsters.  You can flood it to make it a
random door.  


jammed door
-----------
This is a door that commonly appears on dungeon level 6 and below placed
in a doorway.  This  door blocks you from moving through it and line of
sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This door lets monsters that
can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass through without
impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You will
remember this door on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this
 door.  You can get stuck inside this door should it appear around you.  
You can bash it to make it open door.  You can bash it to make it broken
door.  You can spike it to make it jammed door.  You can tunnel it to make
it broken door.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it broken
door.  You can burn it to make it fire and light up the surrounding grids
 and potentially harm monsters.  You can melt it to make it acidic vapour
 and potentially harm monsters.  


locked door
-----------
This is a door that commonly appears on dungeon level 8 and below placed
in a doorway.  This  door blocks you from moving through it and line of
sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This door lets monsters that
can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass through without
impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You will
remember this door on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this
 door.  You can get stuck inside this door should it appear around you.  
You can open or bash it to make it open door.  You can bash it to make it 
broken door.  You can spike it to make it jammed door.  You can tunnel it
to make it broken door.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it 
broken door.  You can burn it to make it fire and light up the surrounding
grids and potentially harm monsters.  You can melt it to make it acidic
vapour and potentially harm monsters.  You can flood it to make it a
random door.  


trapped door (spring-loaded trap)
---------------------------------
This is a door that commonly appears on dungeon level 11 and below placed
in a doorway with a hidden trap.  This  door blocks you from moving
through it and line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This
 door lets monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through
walls pass through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass
through walls.  You will remember this door on your overhead map.  You
stop running next to this door.  You can get stuck inside this door should
it appear around you.  You can open or bash it to make it a random trap.  
You can bash it to make it a random trap.  You can spike it to make it 
jammed door.  You can disarm it to make it open door.  You can tunnel it to
 make it a random trap.  You can stumble on it to make it a random trap.  
You can magically remove rock from it to make it open floor.  


trapped door
------------
This is a door that occasionally appears on dungeon level 11 and below 
placed in a doorway with a hidden trap.  This  door blocks you from moving
through it and line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This
 door lets monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through
walls pass through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass
through walls.  You will remember this door on your overhead map.  You
stop running next to this door.  You can get stuck inside this door should
it appear around you.  You can search it to find a random door.  You can 
open or bash it to make it a random door.  You can bash it to make it a
random door.  You can spike it to make it jammed door.  You can disarm it
to make it open floor.  You can tunnel it to make it a random door.  You
 can stumble on it to make it a random door.  You can magically remove
rock from it to make it open floor.  


trapped door (pit)
------------------
This is a door that occasionally appears on dungeon level 11 and below 
placed in a doorway with a hidden trap.  This  door blocks you from moving
through it and line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This
 door lets monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through
walls pass through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass
through walls.  You will remember this door on your overhead map.  You
stop running next to this door.  You can get stuck inside this door should
it appear around you.  You can open or bash it to make it a random trap.  
You can bash it to make it a random trap.  You can spike it to make it 
jammed door.  You can disarm it to make it open door.  You can tunnel it to
 make it a random trap.  You can stumble on it to make it a random trap.  
You can magically remove rock from it to make it open floor.  


trapped door (explosive trap)
-----------------------------
This is a door that occasionally appears on dungeon level 11 and below 
placed in a doorway with a hidden trap.  This  door blocks you from moving
through it and line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This
 door lets monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through
walls pass through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass
through walls.  You will remember this door on your overhead map.  You
stop running next to this door.  You can get stuck inside this door should
it appear around you.  You can open or bash it to suffer its effects and
 make it open floor.  You can bash it to suffer its effects and make it 
broken door.  You can spike it to make it jammed door.  You can disarm it
to make it open door and find a Potion of Detonations.  You can tunnel it
to suffer its effects and make it open floor.  You can stumble on it to
 suffer its effects and make it broken door.  You can magically remove
rock from it to make it open floor.  


locked door
-----------
This is a door that commonly appears on dungeon level 12 and below placed
in a doorway.  This  door blocks you from moving through it and line of
sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This door lets monsters that
can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass through without
impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You will
remember this door on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this
 door.  You can get stuck inside this door should it appear around you.  
You can open or bash it to make it open door.  You can bash it to make it 
broken door.  You can spike it to make it jammed door.  You can tunnel it
to make it broken door.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it 
broken door.  You can burn it to make it wall of fire and light up the
surrounding grids and potentially harm monsters.  You can melt it to make
it acidic vapour and potentially harm monsters.  You can flood it to make
it a random door.  


jammed door
-----------
This is a door that commonly appears on dungeon level 12 and below placed
in a doorway.  This  door blocks you from moving through it and line of
sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This door lets monsters that
can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass through without
impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You will
remember this door on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this
 door.  You can get stuck inside this door should it appear around you.  
You can bash it to make it open door.  You can bash it to make it broken
door.  You can spike it to make it jammed door.  You can tunnel it to make
it broken door.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it broken
door.  You can burn it to make it fire and light up the surrounding grids
 and potentially harm monsters.  You can melt it to make it acidic vapour
 and potentially harm monsters.  


trapped door (murder hole)
--------------------------
This is a door that rarely appears on dungeon level 12 and below placed in
a doorway with a hidden trap.  This  door blocks you from moving through it
 and line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This door lets
monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.
You will remember this door on your overhead map.  You stop running next
to this door.  You can get stuck inside this door should it appear around
you.  You can open or bash it to make it a random trap.  You can bash it to
 make it a random trap.  You can spike it to make it jammed door.  You can 
disarm it to make it open door.  You can tunnel it to make it a random trap
.  You can stumble on it to make it a random trap.  You can magically
remove rock from it to make it open floor.  


trapped door (loose rock)
-------------------------
This is a door that rarely appears on dungeon level 13 and below placed in
a doorway with a hidden trap.  This  door blocks you from moving through it
 and line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This door lets
monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.
You will remember this door on your overhead map.  You stop running next
to this door.  You can get stuck inside this door should it appear around
you.  You can open or bash it to make it a random trap.  You can bash it to
 make it a random trap.  You can spike it to make it jammed door.  You can 
disarm it to make it open door.  You can tunnel it to make it a random trap
.  You can stumble on it to make it a random trap.  You can magically
remove rock from it to make it open floor.  


trapped door (gas trap)
-----------------------
This is a door that rarely appears on dungeon level 13 and below placed in
a doorway with a hidden trap.  This  door blocks you from moving through it
 and line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This door lets
monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.
You will remember this door on your overhead map.  You stop running next
to this door.  You can get stuck inside this door should it appear around
you.  You can open or bash it to make it a random trap.  You can bash it to
 make it a random trap.  You can spike it to make it jammed door.  You can 
disarm it to make it open door.  You can tunnel it to make it a random trap
.  You can stumble on it to make it a random trap.  You can magically
remove rock from it to make it open floor.  


trapped door (tripwire)
-----------------------
This is a door that rarely appears on dungeon level 13 and below placed in
a doorway with a hidden trap.  This  door blocks you from moving through it
 and line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This door lets
monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.
You will remember this door on your overhead map.  You stop running next
to this door.  You can get stuck inside this door should it appear around
you.  You can open or bash it to make it a random trap.  You can bash it to
 make it a random trap.  You can spike it to make it jammed door.  You can 
disarm it to make it open door.  You can tunnel it to make it a random trap
.  You can stumble on it to make it a random trap.  You can magically
remove rock from it to make it open floor.  


trapped door (magic symbol)
---------------------------
This is a door that rarely appears on dungeon level 14 and below placed in
a doorway with a hidden trap.  This  door blocks you from moving through it
 and line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This door lets
monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.
You will remember this door on your overhead map.  You stop running next
to this door.  You can get stuck inside this door should it appear around
you.  You can open or bash it to make it a random trap.  You can bash it to
 make it a random trap.  You can spike it to make it jammed door.  You can 
disarm it to make it open door.  You can tunnel it to make it a random trap
.  You can stumble on it to make it a random trap.  You can magically
remove rock from it to make it open floor.  


trapped door (trap door)
------------------------
This is a door that rarely appears on dungeon level 15 and below placed in
a doorway with a hidden trap.  This  door blocks you from moving through it
 and line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This door lets
monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.
You will remember this door on your overhead map.  You stop running next
to this door.  You can get stuck inside this door should it appear around
you.  You can open or bash it to make it a random trap.  You can bash it to
 make it a random trap.  You can spike it to make it jammed door.  You can 
disarm it to make it open door.  You can tunnel it to make it a random trap
.  You can stumble on it to make it a random trap.  You can magically
remove rock from it to make it open floor.  


locked door
-----------
This is a door that commonly appears on dungeon level 16 and below placed
in a doorway.  This  door blocks you from moving through it and line of
sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This door lets monsters that
can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass through without
impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You will
remember this door on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this
 door.  You can get stuck inside this door should it appear around you.  
You can open or bash it to make it open door.  You can bash it to make it 
broken door.  You can spike it to make it jammed door.  You can tunnel it
to make it broken door.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it 
broken door.  You can burn it to make it wall of fire and light up the
surrounding grids and potentially harm monsters.  You can melt it to make
it acidic vapour and potentially harm monsters.  You can flood it to make
it a random door.  


jammed door
-----------
This is a door that commonly appears on dungeon level 16 and below placed
in a doorway.  This  door blocks you from moving through it and line of
sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This door lets monsters that
can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass through without
impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You will
remember this door on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this
 door.  You can get stuck inside this door should it appear around you.  
You can bash it to make it open door.  You can bash it to make it broken
door.  You can spike it to make it jammed door.  You can tunnel it to make
it broken door.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it broken
door.  You can burn it to make it fire and light up the surrounding grids
 and potentially harm monsters.  You can melt it to make it acidic vapour
 and potentially harm monsters.  


trapped door (strange rune)
---------------------------
This is a door that occasionally appears on dungeon level 16 and below 
placed in a doorway with a hidden trap.  This  door blocks you from moving
through it and line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This
 door lets monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through
walls pass through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass
through walls.  You will remember this door on your overhead map.  You
stop running next to this door.  You can get stuck inside this door should
it appear around you.  You can open or bash it to make it a random trap.  
You can bash it to make it a random trap.  You can spike it to make it 
jammed door.  You can disarm it to make it open door.  You can tunnel it to
 make it a random trap.  You can stumble on it to make it a random trap.  
You can magically remove rock from it to make it open floor.  


trapped door (ancient hex)
--------------------------
This is a door that rarely appears on dungeon level 18 and below placed in
a doorway with a hidden trap.  This  door blocks you from moving through it
 and line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This door lets
monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.
You will remember this door on your overhead map.  You stop running next
to this door.  You can get stuck inside this door should it appear around
you.  You can open or bash it to make it a random trap.  You can bash it to
 make it a random trap.  You can spike it to make it jammed door.  You can 
disarm it to make it open door.  You can tunnel it to make it a random trap
.  You can stumble on it to make it a random trap.  You can magically
remove rock from it to make it open floor.  


locked door
-----------
This is a door that commonly appears on dungeon level 20 and below placed
in a doorway.  This  door blocks you from moving through it and line of
sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This door lets monsters that
can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass through without
impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You will
remember this door on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this
 door.  You can get stuck inside this door should it appear around you.  
You can open or bash it to make it open door.  You can bash it to make it 
broken door.  You can spike it to make it jammed door.  You can tunnel it
to make it broken door.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it 
broken door.  You can burn it to make it wall of fire and light up the
surrounding grids and potentially harm monsters.  You can melt it to make
it acidic vapour and potentially harm monsters.  You can flood it to make
it a random door.  


jammed door
-----------
This is a door that commonly appears on dungeon level 20 and below placed
in a doorway.  This  door blocks you from moving through it and line of
sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This door lets monsters that
can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass through without
impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You will
remember this door on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this
 door.  You can get stuck inside this door should it appear around you.  
You can bash it to make it open door.  You can bash it to make it broken
door.  You can spike it to make it jammed door.  You can tunnel it to make
it broken door.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it broken
door.  You can burn it to make it wall of fire and light up the
surrounding grids and potentially harm monsters.  You can melt it to make
it acidic vapour and potentially harm monsters.  


trapped door (stone face)
-------------------------
This is a door that rarely appears on dungeon level 22 and below placed in
a doorway with a hidden trap.  This  door blocks you from moving through it
 and line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This door lets
monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.
You will remember this door on your overhead map.  You stop running next
to this door.  You can get stuck inside this door should it appear around
you.  You can open or bash it to make it a random trap.  You can bash it to
 make it a random trap.  You can spike it to make it jammed door.  You can 
disarm it to make it open door.  You can tunnel it to make it a random trap
.  You can stumble on it to make it a random trap.  You can magically
remove rock from it to make it open floor.  


locked door
-----------
This is a door that commonly appears on dungeon level 24 and below placed
in a doorway.  This  door blocks you from moving through it and line of
sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This door lets monsters that
can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass through without
impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You will
remember this door on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this
 door.  You can get stuck inside this door should it appear around you.  
You can open or bash it to make it open door.  You can bash it to make it 
broken door.  You can spike it to make it jammed door.  You can tunnel it
to make it broken door.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it 
broken door.  You can burn it to make it wall of fire and light up the
surrounding grids and potentially harm monsters.  You can melt it to make
it acidic vapour and potentially harm monsters.  You can flood it to make
it a random door.  


jammed door
-----------
This is a door that commonly appears on dungeon level 24 and below placed
in a doorway.  This  door blocks you from moving through it and line of
sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This door lets monsters that
can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass through without
impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You will
remember this door on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this
 door.  You can get stuck inside this door should it appear around you.  
You can bash it to make it open door.  You can bash it to make it broken
door.  You can spike it to make it jammed door.  You can tunnel it to make
it broken door.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it broken
door.  You can burn it to make it wall of fire and light up the
surrounding grids and potentially harm monsters.  You can melt it to make
it acidic vapour and potentially harm monsters.  


jammed door
-----------
This is a door that commonly appears on dungeon level 28 and below placed
in a doorway.  This  door blocks you from moving through it and line of
sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This door lets monsters that
can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass through without
impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You will
remember this door on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this
 door.  You can get stuck inside this door should it appear around you.  
You can bash it to make it open door.  You can bash it to make it broken
door.  You can spike it to make it jammed door.  You can tunnel it to make
it broken door.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it broken
door.  You can burn it to make it wall of fire and light up the
surrounding grids and potentially harm monsters.  You can melt it to make
it acidic vapour and potentially harm monsters.  


locked gate
-----------
This is a door that commonly appears on dungeon level 30 and below placed
in a doorway.  You can see, cast spells and fire missiles through this
 door without impediment but it blocks you from moving through it.  This
 door lets monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through
walls pass through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass
through walls.  You will remember this door on your overhead map.  You
stop running next to this door.  You can get stuck inside this door should
it appear around you.  You can open it to make it opening gate and
 potentially harm monsters.  You can tunnel it to make it broken bars.  
You can magically remove rock from it to make it broken bars.  You can 
magically destroy it to make it broken bars.  


jammed door
-----------
This is a door that commonly appears on dungeon level 32 and below placed
in a doorway.  This  door blocks you from moving through it and line of
sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This door lets monsters that
can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass through without
impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You will
remember this door on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this
 door.  You can get stuck inside this door should it appear around you.  
You can bash it to make it open door.  You can bash it to make it broken
door.  You can tunnel it to make it broken door.  You can magically remove
rock from it to make it broken door.  You can burn it to make it wall of
fire and light up the surrounding grids and potentially harm monsters.  
You can melt it to make it acidic vapour and potentially harm monsters.  




Stairs
------

down staircase
--------------
This is a staircase that commonly appears in both the town and dungeon.  
You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this staircase
 without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will
remember this staircase on your overhead map.  You stop running next to
this staircase unless you have the ignore_stairs option on.  


dungeon entrance
----------------
This is a staircase that commonly appears in both the town and dungeon.  
You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this staircase
 without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will
remember this staircase on your overhead map.  You stop running next to
this staircase unless you have the ignore_stairs option on.  


stone well
----------
This is a staircase that commonly appears in both the town and dungeon as
a specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this staircase taking an extra turn to leave the grid but it
 blocks monsters that must swim.  This staircase hides monsters that can 
sneak and pass through walls.  You will remember this staircase on your
overhead map.  You stop running next to this staircase unless you have the
ignore_stairs option on.  You can search it to find empty well.  You can 
magically remove rock from it to make it open floor.  


empty well
----------
This is a staircase that commonly appears in both the town and dungeon as
a specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
climb through this staircase taking an extra turn to enter and leave the
grid.  This staircase lets monsters that can fly, climb, pass through walls
 and bore through walls pass through without impediment and hides monsters
that can sneak and pass through walls.  You will remember this staircase
 on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this staircase unless you
have the ignore_stairs option on.  You can get stuck inside this staircase
 should it appear around you.  You can magically remove rock from it to
 make it open floor.  


up staircase
------------
This is a staircase that commonly appears throughout the dungeon.  You can 
see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this staircase without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will remember this
 staircase on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this staircase
 unless you have the ignore_stairs option on.  


rope hanging over a chasm
-------------------------
This is a staircase that commonly appears on dungeon level 66 and below as
a 'lake' of terrain.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles, run and 
climb through this staircase taking an extra turn to enter and leave the
grid.  This staircase lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through
walls pass through without impediment.  You will remember this staircase
 on your overhead map.  You can get stuck inside this staircase should it
appear around you.  You can spike it to make it rope bridge.  You can burn
 it to make it falling rope.  You can melt it to make it falling rope.  
You can magically destroy it to make it rope swinging over a chasm.  You
 can disturb it to make it rope swinging over a chasm.  You can gather it
to make it falling rope and find 10 feet of Rope.  


chain hanging over a chasm
--------------------------
This is a staircase that commonly appears on dungeon level 66 and below as
a 'lake' of terrain.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles, run and 
climb through this staircase taking an extra turn to enter and leave the
grid.  This staircase lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through
walls pass through without impediment.  You will remember this staircase
 on your overhead map.  You can get stuck inside this staircase should it
appear around you.  You can spike it to make it chain bridge.  You can 
melt it to make it falling chain.  You can magically destroy it to make it 
chain swinging over a chasm.  You can disturb it to make it chain swinging
over a chasm.  You can gather it to make it falling chain and find 10 feet
of Chain.  


vine hanging over a chasm
-------------------------
This is a staircase that commonly appears on dungeon level 66 and below as
a 'lake' of terrain.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles, run and 
climb through this staircase taking an extra turn to enter and leave the
grid.  This staircase lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through
walls pass through without impediment.  You will remember this staircase
 on your overhead map.  You can get stuck inside this staircase should it
appear around you.  You can burn it to make it falling vine.  You can melt
 it to make it falling vine.  You can magically destroy it to make it vine
swinging over a chasm.  You can disturb it to make it vine swinging over a
chasm.  You can gather it to make it falling vine and find a Vine.  


rope swinging over a chasm
--------------------------
This is a staircase that commonly appears on dungeon level 66 and below as
a 'lake' of terrain.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles, run and 
climb through this staircase taking an extra turn to enter and leave the
grid.  This staircase lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through
walls pass through without impediment.  You will remember this staircase
 on your overhead map.  You can get stuck inside this staircase should it
appear around you.  You can spike it to make it rope bridge.  You can burn
 it to make it falling rope.  You can melt it to make it falling rope.  
You can gather it to make it falling rope and find 10 feet of Rope.  


chain swinging over a chasm
---------------------------
This is a staircase that commonly appears on dungeon level 66 and below as
a 'lake' of terrain.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles, walk and 
run through this staircase without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this staircase on your overhead map.  You
 can spike it to make it chain bridge.  You can melt it to make it falling
chain.  You can gather it to make it falling chain and find 10 feet of
Chain.  


vine swinging over a chasm
--------------------------
This is a staircase that commonly appears on dungeon level 66 and below as
a 'lake' of terrain.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles, walk and 
run through this staircase without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this staircase on your overhead map.  You
 can burn it to make it falling vine.  You can melt it to make it falling
vine.  You can gather it to make it falling vine and find a Vine.  




Walls
-----

permanent wall
--------------
This is a wall that commonly appears in both the town and dungeon.  This 
 wall blocks you from moving through it and monsters that pass through
walls, bore through walls, line of sight, casting spells and firing
missiles.  This wall lets monsters that can climb pass through without
impediment.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You can
get stuck inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath
in this.  


permanent wall
--------------
This is a wall that commonly appears in both the town and dungeon as part
of the inner wall of a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving through it
 and monsters that pass through walls, bore through walls, line of sight, 
casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that can 
climb pass through without impediment.  You will remember this wall on
your overhead map.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it appear
around you.  You can't breath in this.  


permanent wall
--------------
This is a wall that commonly appears in both the town and dungeon as part
of the outer wall of a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving through it
 and monsters that pass through walls, bore through walls, line of sight, 
casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that can 
climb pass through without impediment.  You will remember this wall on
your overhead map.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it appear
around you.  You can't breath in this.  


permanent wall
--------------
This is a wall that commonly appears in both the town and dungeon next to
the entrance of a corridor in a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving
through it and monsters that pass through walls, bore through walls, line
of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters
that can climb pass through without impediment.  You will remember this
 wall on your overhead map.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it
appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  


granite wall
------------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon next to the
entrance of a corridor in a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving
through it and line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This
 wall lets monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through
walls pass through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass
through walls.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You can
get stuck inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath
in this.  You can tunnel it to make it open floor.  You can magically
remove rock from it to make it open floor.  You can burn it to make it 
burnt granite wall.  You can melt it to make it acid-marked granite wall.  



burning torch on a granite wall
-------------------------------
This is a glowing wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon as
part of the inner wall of a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving
through it and line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This
 wall lets monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through
walls pass through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass
through walls.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You can
get stuck inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath
in this.  You can tunnel it to make it burning torch.  You can magically
remove rock from it to make it granite wall and darken the surrounding
grids.  You can burn it to make it granite wall and darken the surrounding
grids.  You can flood it to make it granite wall and darken the
surrounding grids.  


acid-marked granite wall
------------------------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon next to the
entrance of a corridor in a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving
through it and line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This
 wall lets monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through
walls pass through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass
through walls.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You
stop running next to this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should
it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  You can tunnel it to
 make it open floor.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it 
open floor.  


burning torch on a granite wall
-------------------------------
This is a glowing wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon next
to the entrance of a corridor in a room.  This  wall blocks you from
moving through it and line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  
This wall lets monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore
through walls pass through without impediment and hides monsters that can 
pass through walls.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  
You can get stuck inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't
breath in this.  You can tunnel it to make it burning torch.  You can 
magically remove rock from it to make it granite wall and darken the
surrounding grids.  You can burn it to make it granite wall and darken the
surrounding grids.  You can flood it to make it granite wall and darken
the surrounding grids.  


burnt granite wall
------------------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon next to the
entrance of a corridor in a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving
through it and line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This
 wall lets monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through
walls pass through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass
through walls.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You
stop running next to this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should
it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  You can tunnel it to
 make it open floor.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it 
open floor.  


web-covered granite wall
------------------------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon next to the
entrance of a corridor in a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving
through it and line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This
 wall lets monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through
walls pass through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass
through walls.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You
stop running next to this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should
it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  You can tunnel it to
 make it open floor.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it 
open floor.  


scratched granite wall
----------------------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon next to the
entrance of a corridor in a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving
through it and line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This
 wall lets monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through
walls pass through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass
through walls.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You
stop running next to this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should
it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  You can tunnel it to
 make it open floor.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it 
open floor.  


roughly-hewn granite wall
-------------------------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon next to the
entrance of a corridor in a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving
through it and line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This
 wall lets monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through
walls pass through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass
through walls.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You
stop running next to this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should
it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  You can tunnel it to
 make it open floor.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it 
open floor.  


wet granite wall
----------------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon next to the
entrance of a corridor in a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving
through it and line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This
 wall lets monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through
walls pass through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass
through walls.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You
stop running next to this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should
it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  You can tunnel it to
 make it wet floor.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it wet
floor.  You can freeze it to make it icy granite wall.  


icy granite wall
----------------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon next to the
entrance of a corridor in a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving
through it and line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This
 wall lets monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through
walls pass through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass
through walls.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You
stop running next to this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should
it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  You can tunnel it to
 make it open floor.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it 
open floor.  


empty shelf
-----------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon as part of the
inner wall of a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving through it and 
line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets
monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.
You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You can get stuck
inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  
You can bash it to make it pile of wood.  You can bash it to make it pile
of wood.  You can tunnel it to make it pile of wood.  You can magically
remove rock from it to make it pile of wood.  You can burn it to make it 
fire and light up the surrounding grids and potentially harm monsters.  


empty shelf
-----------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon next to the
entrance of a corridor in a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving
through it and line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This
 wall lets monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through
walls pass through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass
through walls.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You can
get stuck inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath
in this.  You can bash it to make it pile of wood.  You can bash it to
 make it pile of wood.  You can tunnel it to make it pile of wood.  You
 can magically remove rock from it to make it pile of wood.  You can burn
 it to make it fire and light up the surrounding grids and potentially
harm monsters.  


granite wall
------------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon as part of the
inner wall of a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving through it and 
line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets
monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.
You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You can get stuck
inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  
You can tunnel it to make it open floor.  You can magically remove rock
from it to make it open floor.  You can burn it to make it burnt granite
wall.  You can melt it to make it acid-marked granite wall.  


granite wall
------------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon as part of the
outer wall of a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving through it and 
line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets
monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.
You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You can get stuck
inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  
You can tunnel it to make it open floor.  You can magically remove rock
from it to make it open floor.  You can burn it to make it burnt granite
wall.  You can melt it to make it acid-marked granite wall.  


painting on a granite wall
--------------------------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon as part of the
outer wall of a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving through it and 
line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets
monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.
You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You can get stuck
inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  
You can tunnel it to make it open floor.  You can magically remove rock
from it to make it open floor.  


burning torch on a granite wall
-------------------------------
This is a glowing wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon as
part of the outer wall of a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving
through it and line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This
 wall lets monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through
walls pass through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass
through walls.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You can
get stuck inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath
in this.  You can tunnel it to make it burning torch.  You can magically
remove rock from it to make it granite wall and darken the surrounding
grids.  You can burn it to make it granite wall and darken the surrounding
grids.  You can flood it to make it granite wall and darken the
surrounding grids.  


open lever on a granite wall
----------------------------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon as part of the
outer wall of a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving through it and 
line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets
monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.
You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You stop running next
to this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it appear around
you.  You can't breath in this.  You can close it to make it closing lever
on a granite wall and potentially harm monsters.  You can tunnel it to
 make it granite wall.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it 
granite wall.  


closed lever on a granite wall
------------------------------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon as part of the
outer wall of a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving through it and 
line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets
monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.
You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You stop running next
to this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it appear around
you.  You can't breath in this.  You can open it to make it opening lever
on a granite wall and potentially harm monsters.  You can tunnel it to
 make it granite wall.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it 
granite wall.  


a lit fireplace containing something
------------------------------------
This is a glowing wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon.  You
 can climb through this wall taking an extra turn to enter the grid and
 making your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks line of sight, 
casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that can 
climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass through without
impediment provided they resist and hides monsters that can pass through
walls.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it
appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  You can bash it to take 4d6
damage and make it a pile of rubble containing something and darken the
surrounding grids and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can 
bash it to take 4d6 damage and make it a pile of rubble containing
something and darken the surrounding grids and expose the surrounding
grids to daylight.  You can tunnel it to take 4d6 damage and make it open
floor and darken the surrounding grids and find an object.  You can 
stumble on it to take 4d6 damage.  You can magically remove rock from it to
 make it open floor and darken the surrounding grids and find an object.  
You can flood it to make it granite wall and darken the surrounding grids
 and find an object.  


trapped wall (multiple traps)
-----------------------------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon as part of the
outer wall of a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving through it and 
line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets
monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.
You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You stop running next
to this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it appear around
you.  You can't breath in this.  You can tunnel it to suffer its effects
 and make it open floor.  You can stumble on it to suffer its effects and
 make it granite wall.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it 
open floor.  


empty shelf
-----------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon as part of the
outer wall of a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving through it and 
line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets
monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.
You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You can get stuck
inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  
You can bash it to make it pile of wood.  You can bash it to make it pile
of wood.  You can tunnel it to make it pile of wood.  You can magically
remove rock from it to make it pile of wood.  You can burn it to make it 
fire and light up the surrounding grids and potentially harm monsters.  


empty fireplace
---------------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon.  You can 
climb through this wall taking an extra turn to enter and leave the grid
 and making your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks line of
sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that
can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass through without
impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You will
remember this wall on your overhead map.  You can get stuck inside this
 wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  You can 
bash it to make it pile of rubble and expose the surrounding grids to
daylight.  You can bash it to make it pile of rubble and expose the
surrounding grids to daylight.  You can tunnel it to make it open floor.  
You can magically remove rock from it to make it open floor.  You can burn
 it to make it lit fireplace and light up the surrounding grids and
 potentially harm monsters.  


empty weapon rack
-----------------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon as part of the
outer wall of a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving through it and 
line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets
monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.
You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You can get stuck
inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  
You can bash it to make it pile of wood.  You can bash it to make it pile
of wood.  You can tunnel it to make it pile of wood.  You can magically
remove rock from it to make it pile of wood.  You can burn it to make it 
fire and light up the surrounding grids and potentially harm monsters.  


empty basin
-----------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon.  You can 
climb through this wall taking an extra turn to enter the grid and making
your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks line of sight, casting
spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that can climb, pass
through walls and bore through walls pass through without impediment and
 hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You will remember this wall
 on your overhead map.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it
appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  You can bash it to make it 
pile of rubble and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can bash
 it to make it pile of rubble and expose the surrounding grids to daylight
.  You can tunnel it to make it open floor.  You can magically remove rock
from it to make it open floor.  You can flood it to make it basin.  


empty midden
------------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon.  You can 
climb through this wall taking an extra turn to enter the grid and making
your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks line of sight, casting
spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that can climb, pass
through walls and bore through walls pass through without impediment and
 hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You will remember this wall
 on your overhead map.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it
appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  You can bash it to make it 
pile of rubble and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can bash
 it to make it pile of rubble and expose the surrounding grids to daylight
.  You can tunnel it to make it open floor.  You can magically remove rock
from it to make it open floor.  


a midden containing something
-----------------------------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon.  You can 
climb through this wall taking an extra turn to enter the grid and making
your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks line of sight, casting
spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that can climb, pass
through walls and bore through walls pass through without impediment
 provided they resist and hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You
will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You can get stuck inside
this wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  You can 
bash it to take 0d0 damage and make it a pile of rubble containing
something and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can bash it to
 take 0d0 damage and make it a pile of rubble containing something and
expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can tunnel it to take 0d0
damage and make it empty midden and find an object.  You can stumble on it
to take 0d0 damage.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it 
empty midden and find an object.  You can flood it to make it empty midden
 and find an object.  


empty stores
------------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon.  You can 
climb through this wall taking an extra turn to enter the grid and making
your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks line of sight, casting
spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that can climb, pass
through walls and bore through walls pass through without impediment and
 hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You will remember this wall
 on your overhead map.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it
appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  You can bash it to make it 
pile of wood.  You can bash it to make it pile of wood.  You can tunnel it
to make it open floor.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it 
open floor.  You can burn it to make it fire and light up the surrounding
grids and potentially harm monsters.  


empty cupboard
--------------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this wall without impediment
 but it blocks monsters that must fly and must swim.  This wall hides
monsters that can pass through walls.  You can drop objects here.  You
will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You can bash it to make it 
pile of wood.  You can close it to make it cupboard.  You can bash it to
 make it pile of wood.  You can tunnel it to make it open floor.  You can 
magically remove rock from it to make it open floor.  You can burn it to
 make it fire and light up the surrounding grids and potentially harm
monsters.  


scratched granite wall
----------------------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon as part of the
outer wall of a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving through it and 
line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets
monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.
You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You can get stuck
inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  
You can tunnel it to make it open floor.  You can magically remove rock
from it to make it open floor.  


icy granite wall
----------------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon as part of the
outer wall of a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving through it and 
line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets
monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.
You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You can get stuck
inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  
You can tunnel it to make it open floor.  You can magically remove rock
from it to make it open floor.  


painting on a granite wall
--------------------------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon as part of the
inner wall of a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving through it and 
line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets
monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.
You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You can get stuck
inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  
You can tunnel it to make it open floor.  You can magically remove rock
from it to make it open floor.  


mechanism in a granite wall
---------------------------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon as part of the
outer wall of a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving through it and 
line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets
monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.
You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You can get stuck
inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  
You can open it to make it closing mechanism in a granite wall and
 potentially harm monsters.  You can close it to make it opening mechanism
in a granite wall and potentially harm monsters.  You can tunnel it to
 make it linked chain.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it 
linked chain.  


sliding granite wall
--------------------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon as part of the
outer wall of a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving through it and 
line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets
monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.
You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You can get stuck
inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  
You can open it to make it opening sliding wall and potentially harm
monsters.  You can tunnel it to make it linked chain.  You can magically
remove rock from it to make it linked chain.  


empty weapon rack
-----------------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon next to the
entrance of a corridor in a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving
through it and line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This
 wall lets monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through
walls pass through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass
through walls.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You can
get stuck inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath
in this.  You can bash it to make it pile of wood.  You can bash it to
 make it pile of wood.  You can tunnel it to make it pile of wood.  You
 can magically remove rock from it to make it pile of wood.  You can burn
 it to make it fire and light up the surrounding grids and potentially
harm monsters.  


empty weapon rack
-----------------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon as part of the
inner wall of a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving through it and 
line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets
monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.
You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You can get stuck
inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  
You can bash it to make it pile of wood.  You can bash it to make it pile
of wood.  You can tunnel it to make it pile of wood.  You can magically
remove rock from it to make it pile of wood.  You can burn it to make it 
fire and light up the surrounding grids and potentially harm monsters.  


granite wall
------------
This is a wall that occasionally appears throughout the dungeon as a
'lake' of terrain.  This  wall blocks you from moving through it and line
of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters
that can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass through
 without impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You
will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You can get stuck inside
this wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  You can 
tunnel it to make it open floor.  You can magically remove rock from it to
 make it open floor.  You can burn it to make it burnt granite wall.  You
 can melt it to make it acid-marked granite wall.  


web-covered granite wall
------------------------
This is a wall that rarely appears throughout the dungeon as part of the
outer wall of a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving through it and 
line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets
monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.
You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You can get stuck
inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  
You can tunnel it to make it open floor.  You can magically remove rock
from it to make it open floor.  


acid-marked granite wall
------------------------
This is a wall that commonly appears on dungeon level 20 and below as a
'lake' of terrain or as part of the outer wall of a room.  This  wall
 blocks you from moving through it and line of sight, casting spells and 
firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that can climb, pass through
walls and bore through walls pass through without impediment and hides
monsters that can pass through walls.  You will remember this wall on your
overhead map.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it appear around
you.  You can't breath in this.  You can tunnel it to make it open floor.  
You can magically remove rock from it to make it open floor.  


burnt granite wall
------------------
This is a wall that commonly appears on dungeon level 20 and below as a
'lake' of terrain or as part of the outer wall of a room.  This  wall
 blocks you from moving through it and line of sight, casting spells and 
firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that can climb, pass through
walls and bore through walls pass through without impediment and hides
monsters that can pass through walls.  You will remember this wall on your
overhead map.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it appear around
you.  You can't breath in this.  You can tunnel it to make it open floor.  
You can magically remove rock from it to make it open floor.  


open vent
---------
This is a wall that commonly appears on dungeon level 51 and below.  You
 can climb through this wall taking an extra turn to enter and leave the
grid but it blocks line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  
This wall lets monsters that can ooze and bore through walls pass through
 without impediment.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  
You stop running next to this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall
 should it appear around you.  You can burn it to make it fiery vent and
 potentially harm monsters.  You can melt it to make it acid-filled vent
 and potentially harm monsters.  You can poison it to make it gas-filled
vent and potentially harm monsters.  You can flood it to make it 
water-filled vent and potentially harm monsters.  You can boil or steam it
to make it steam-filled vent and potentially harm monsters.  


open valve
----------
This is a wall that commonly appears on dungeon level 51 and below.  You
 can climb through this wall taking an extra turn to enter and leave the
grid but it blocks line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  
This wall lets monsters that can ooze and bore through walls pass through
 without impediment.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  
You stop running next to this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall
 should it appear around you.  You can bash it to no effect.  You can 
close it to make it closing valve and potentially harm monsters.  You can 
bash it to make it open vent.  You can burn it to make it fiery valve and
 potentially harm monsters.  You can melt it to make it acid-filled valve
 and potentially harm monsters.  You can poison it to make it gas-filled
valve and potentially harm monsters.  You can flood it to make it 
water-filled valve and potentially harm monsters.  You can boil or steam
 it to make it steam-filled valve and potentially harm monsters.  


closed valve
------------
This is a wall that commonly appears on dungeon level 51 and below.  This 
 wall blocks you from moving through it and monsters that pass through
walls, climb, line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This
 wall lets monsters that can bore through walls pass through without
impediment.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it
appear around you.  You can open or bash it to make it opening valve and
 potentially harm monsters.  You can bash it to make it open vent.  You
 can spike it to make it jammed valve.  


jammed valve
------------
This is a wall that commonly appears on dungeon level 51 and below.  This 
 wall blocks you from moving through it and monsters that pass through
walls, climb, line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This
 wall lets monsters that can bore through walls pass through without
impediment.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it
appear around you.  You can bash it to make it opening valve and
 potentially harm monsters.  You can bash it to make it open vent.  


ice-filled vent
---------------
This is a wall that commonly appears on dungeon level 51 and below.  This 
 wall blocks you from moving through it and monsters that pass through
walls, climb, line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This
 wall lets monsters that can bore through walls pass through without
impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this wall on your
overhead map.  You stop running next to this wall.  You can get stuck
inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  
You can stumble on it to take 4d4 damage.  You can burn it to make it open
vent.  




Streamers
---------

impassable tree trunk
---------------------
This is a tree that commonly appears in both the town and dungeon as a
'lake' of terrain or as a 'streams' of terrain through the dungeon walls.  
You can see through this tree without impediment but it blocks you from
moving through it and monsters that pass through walls, climb, casting
spells and firing missiles.  This tree lets monsters that can bore through
walls pass through without impediment and hides monsters that can sneak.  
You will remember this tree on your overhead map.  You stop running next
to this tree.  You can get stuck inside this tree should it appear around
you.  You can search it to find impassable tree trunk.  You can bash it to
 make it tree trunk and cover the surrounding grids with branches and
expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can bash it to make it tree
trunk and cover the surrounding grids with branches and expose the
surrounding grids to daylight.  You can burn it to make it wall of fire
 and light up the surrounding grids and cover the surrounding grids with
branches and potentially harm monsters.  


impassable tree trunk
---------------------
This is a tree that commonly appears in both the town and dungeon as a
'lake' of terrain or as a 'streams' of terrain through the dungeon walls.  
You can see through this tree without impediment but it blocks you from
moving through it and monsters that pass through walls, climb, casting
spells and firing missiles.  This tree lets monsters that can bore through
walls pass through without impediment and hides monsters that can sneak.  
You will remember this tree on your overhead map.  You stop running next
to this tree.  You can get stuck inside this tree should it appear around
you.  You can bash it to make it tree trunk and cover the surrounding
grids with branches and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can 
bash it to make it tree trunk and cover the surrounding grids with branches
 and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can burn it to make it 
wall of fire and light up the surrounding grids and cover the surrounding
grids with branches and potentially harm monsters.  


impassable tree trunk
---------------------
This is a feature that commonly appears in both the town and dungeon as a
'lake' of terrain or as a 'streams' of terrain through the dungeon walls.  
You can see through this feature without impediment but it blocks you from
moving through it and monsters that pass through walls, climb, casting
spells and firing missiles.  This feature lets monsters that can bore
through walls pass through without impediment.  You will remember this
 feature on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this feature.  
You can get stuck inside this feature should it appear around you.  You
 can search it to find impassable tree trunk.  You can bash it to make it 
tree trunk and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can bash it
to make it tree trunk and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  You
 can burn it to make it wall of fire and light up the surrounding grids
 and potentially harm monsters.  


impassable tree trunk
---------------------
This is a feature that commonly appears in both the town and dungeon as a
'lake' of terrain or as a 'streams' of terrain through the dungeon walls.  
You can see through this feature without impediment but it blocks you from
moving through it and monsters that pass through walls, climb, casting
spells and firing missiles.  This feature lets monsters that can bore
through walls pass through without impediment.  You will remember this
 feature on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this feature.  
You can get stuck inside this feature should it appear around you.  You
 can bash it to make it tree trunk and expose the surrounding grids to
daylight.  You can bash it to make it tree trunk and expose the
surrounding grids to daylight.  You can burn it to make it wall of fire
 and light up the surrounding grids and potentially harm monsters.  


slime-covered wall
------------------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon as a 'streams'
of terrain through the dungeon walls or next to the entrance of a corridor
in a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving through it and monsters that 
climb, line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets
monsters that can pass through walls and bore through walls pass through
 without impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You
will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You stop running next to
this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it appear around
you.  You can't breath in this.  You can tunnel it to make it slimy trail.
You can magically remove rock from it to make it slimy trail.  


slime-covered wall
------------------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon as a 'streams'
of terrain through the dungeon walls or as part of the outer wall of a room
.  This  wall blocks you from moving through it and monsters that climb, 
line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets
monsters that can pass through walls and bore through walls pass through
 without impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You
will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You can get stuck inside
this wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  You can 
tunnel it to make it slimy trail.  You can magically remove rock from it to
 make it slimy trail.  


mossy granite wall
------------------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon as a 'streams'
of terrain through the dungeon walls or as part of the outer wall of a room
.  This  wall blocks you from moving through it and line of sight, casting
spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that can climb, pass
through walls and bore through walls pass through without impediment and
 hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You will remember this wall
 on your overhead map.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it
appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  You can tunnel it to make
it open floor.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it open floor
.  


roughly-hewn granite wall
-------------------------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon as a 'streams'
of terrain through the dungeon walls or as part of the outer wall of a room
.  This  wall blocks you from moving through it and line of sight, casting
spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that can climb, pass
through walls and bore through walls pass through without impediment and
 hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You will remember this wall
 on your overhead map.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it
appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  You can tunnel it to make
it open floor.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it open floor
.  


wet granite wall
----------------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon as a 'streams'
of terrain through the dungeon walls or as part of the outer wall of a room
.  This  wall blocks you from moving through it and line of sight, casting
spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that can climb, pass
through walls and bore through walls pass through without impediment and
 hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You will remember this wall
 on your overhead map.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it
appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  You can tunnel it to make
it wet floor.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it wet floor.
You can freeze it to make it icy granite wall.  


sandstone
---------
This is a wall that commonly appears on dungeon level 3 and below as a
'lake' of terrain or as a 'streams' of terrain through the dungeon walls.  
This  wall blocks you from moving through it and line of sight, casting
spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that can climb, pass
through walls and bore through walls pass through without impediment and
 hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You will remember this wall
 on your overhead map.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it
appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  You can tunnel it to make
it open floor.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it open floor
.  


quartz vein
-----------
This is a wall that occasionally appears on dungeon level 3 and below as a
'streams' of terrain through the dungeon walls.  This  wall blocks you
from moving through it and line of sight, casting spells and firing
missiles.  This wall lets monsters that can climb, pass through walls and 
bore through walls pass through without impediment and hides monsters that
can pass through walls.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.
You can get stuck inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't
breath in this.  You can tunnel it to make it open floor.  You can 
magically remove rock from it to make it open floor.  


quartz vein with treasure
-------------------------
This is a wall that rarely appears on dungeon level 3 and below as a
'streams' of terrain through the dungeon walls.  This  wall blocks you
from moving through it and line of sight, casting spells and firing
missiles.  This wall lets monsters that can climb, pass through walls and 
bore through walls pass through without impediment and hides monsters that
can pass through walls.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.
You can get stuck inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't
breath in this.  You can tunnel it to make it open floor and find a 
treasure.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it open floor and 
find a treasure.  


quartz vein
-----------
This is a wall that rarely appears on dungeon level 4 and below as a
'lake' of terrain or as a 'streams' of terrain through the dungeon walls.  
This  wall blocks you from moving through it and line of sight, casting
spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that can climb, pass
through walls and bore through walls pass through without impediment and
 hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You will remember this wall
 on your overhead map.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it
appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  You can tunnel it to make
it open floor.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it open floor
.  


magma vein
----------
This is a wall that commonly appears on dungeon level 5 and below as a
'streams' of terrain through the dungeon walls.  This  wall blocks you
from moving through it and line of sight, casting spells and firing
missiles.  This wall lets monsters that can climb, pass through walls and 
bore through walls pass through without impediment and hides monsters that
can pass through walls.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.
You can get stuck inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't
breath in this.  You can tunnel it to make it open floor.  You can 
magically remove rock from it to make it open floor.  


magma vein with treasure
------------------------
This is a wall that rarely appears on dungeon level 5 and below as a
'streams' of terrain through the dungeon walls.  This  wall blocks you
from moving through it and line of sight, casting spells and firing
missiles.  This wall lets monsters that can climb, pass through walls and 
bore through walls pass through without impediment and hides monsters that
can pass through walls.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.
You can get stuck inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't
breath in this.  You can tunnel it to make it open floor and find a 
treasure.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it open floor and 
find a treasure.  


vine-covered granite wall
-------------------------
This is a wall that commonly appears on dungeon level 10 and below as a
'lake' of terrain, as a 'streams' of terrain through the dungeon walls or 
as part of the outer wall of a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving
through it and line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This
 wall lets monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through
walls pass through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass
through walls.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You can
get stuck inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath
in this.  You can tunnel it to make it vines and expose the surrounding
grids to daylight.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it 
granite wall.  You can burn it to make it granite wall.  You can gather it
to make it granite wall and find a Vine.  


cracked granite wall
--------------------
This is a wall that rarely appears on dungeon level 10 and below as a
'lake' of terrain, as a 'streams' of terrain through the dungeon walls or 
next to the entrance of a corridor in a room.  This  wall blocks you from
moving through it and line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  
This wall lets monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore
through walls pass through without impediment and hides monsters that can 
pass through walls.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  
You can get stuck inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can 
search it to find weak granite wall.  You can bash it to make it pile of
rubble and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can bash it to
 make it pile of rubble and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  You
 can tunnel it to make it open floor.  You can magically remove rock from
 it to make it open floor.  You can flood it to make it pile of rubble and
expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  


limestone features
------------------
This is a wall that occasionally appears on dungeon level 12 and below as
a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'streams' of terrain through the dungeon walls
.  This  wall blocks you from moving through it and line of sight, casting
spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that can climb, ooze, 
pass through walls and bore through walls pass through without impediment
 and hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You will remember this
 wall on your overhead map.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it
appear around you.  You can tunnel it to make it open floor.  You can 
magically remove rock from it to make it open floor.  


water-filled cracked granite wall
---------------------------------
This is a wall that occasionally appears on dungeon level 13 and below as
a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'streams' of terrain through the dungeon walls
.  This  wall blocks you from moving through it and monsters that climb, 
line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets
monsters that can ooze, pass through walls and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.
You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You can get stuck
inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  
You can tunnel it to make it open floor.  You can magically remove rock
from it to make it open floor.  You can freeze it to make it weak granite
wall.  You can flood it to make it water-filled cracked granite wall and
 potentially harm monsters.  


impassable pile of rubble
-------------------------
This is a ground that commonly appears on dungeon level 15 and below as a
'lake' of terrain or as a 'streams' of terrain through the dungeon walls.  
This  ground blocks you from moving through it and line of sight, casting
spells and firing missiles.  This ground lets monsters that can climb, dig
, ooze, pass through walls and bore through walls pass through without
impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You will
remember this ground on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this
 ground.  You can get stuck inside this ground should it appear around
you.  You can search it to find impassable pile of rubble.  You can dig it
to make it open floor and hide the surrounding grids from the sun.  You
 can magically remove rock from it to make it open floor and hide the
surrounding grids from the sun.  You can gather it to make it open floor
 and hide the surrounding grids from the sun and find a Rounded Pebble.  


impassable pile of rubble
-------------------------
This is a ground that commonly appears on dungeon level 15 and below as a
'lake' of terrain or as a 'streams' of terrain through the dungeon walls.  
This  ground blocks you from moving through it and line of sight, casting
spells and firing missiles.  This ground lets monsters that can climb, dig
, ooze, pass through walls and bore through walls pass through without
impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You will
remember this ground on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this
 ground.  You can get stuck inside this ground should it appear around
you.  You can dig it to make it open floor and hide the surrounding grids
from the sun.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it open floor
 and hide the surrounding grids from the sun.  You can gather it to make
it open floor and hide the surrounding grids from the sun and find a
Rounded Pebble.  


magma vein
----------
This is a wall that rarely appears on dungeon level 15 and below as a
'lake' of terrain or as a 'streams' of terrain through the dungeon walls.  
This  wall blocks you from moving through it and line of sight, casting
spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that can climb, pass
through walls and bore through walls pass through without impediment and
 hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You will remember this wall
 on your overhead map.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it
appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  You can tunnel it to make
it open floor.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it open floor
.  


weak granite wall
-----------------
This is a wall that occasionally appears on dungeon level 20 and below as
a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'streams' of terrain through the dungeon walls
.  This  wall blocks you from moving through it and line of sight, casting
spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that can climb, pass
through walls and bore through walls pass through without impediment and
 hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You will remember this wall
 on your overhead map.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it
appear around you.  You can bash it to make it pile of rubble and expose
the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can bash it to make it pile of
rubble and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can tunnel it to
 make it open floor.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it 
open floor.  You can flood it to make it pile of rubble and expose the
surrounding grids to daylight.  


cracked granite wall
--------------------
This is a wall that occasionally appears on dungeon level 21 and below as
a 'lake' of terrain, as a 'streams' of terrain through the dungeon walls
 or as part of the outer wall of a room.  This  wall blocks you from
moving through it and line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  
This wall lets monsters that can climb, ooze, pass through walls and bore
through walls pass through without impediment and hides monsters that can 
pass through walls.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  
You can get stuck inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can 
tunnel it to make it open floor.  You can magically remove rock from it to
 make it open floor.  You can flood it to make it water-filled cracked
granite wall.  


water-filled cracked granite wall
---------------------------------
This is a wall that occasionally appears on dungeon level 23 and below as
a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'streams' of terrain through the dungeon walls
.  This  wall blocks you from moving through it and monsters that climb, 
line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets
monsters that can ooze, pass through walls and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist and hides monsters that
can pass through walls.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.
You can get stuck inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't
breath in this.  Whilst in this wall you take 4d6 damage continuously.  
You can tunnel it to make it open floor.  You can magically remove rock
from it to make it open floor.  You can freeze it to make it weak granite
wall.  


water-filled cracked granite wall
---------------------------------
This is a wall that rarely appears on dungeon level 23 and below as a
'lake' of terrain or as a 'streams' of terrain through the dungeon walls.  
This  wall blocks you from moving through it and line of sight, casting
spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that can climb, ooze, 
pass through walls and bore through walls pass through without impediment
 and hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You will remember this
 wall on your overhead map.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it
appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  You can tunnel it to make
it open floor.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it open floor
.  You can freeze it to make it weak granite wall.  


water-filled cracked granite wall
---------------------------------
This is a wall that rarely appears on dungeon level 23 and below as a
'lake' of terrain or as a 'streams' of terrain through the dungeon walls.  
This  wall blocks you from moving through it and monsters that climb, line
of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters
that can ooze, pass through walls and bore through walls pass through
 without impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You
will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You can get stuck inside
this wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  You can 
tunnel it to make it open floor.  You can magically remove rock from it to
 make it open floor.  You can freeze it to make it weak granite wall.  


earth wall
----------
This is a wall that occasionally appears on dungeon level 30 and below as
a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'streams' of terrain through the dungeon walls
.  This  wall blocks you from moving through it and line of sight, casting
spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that can climb, dig, 
pass through walls and bore through walls pass through without impediment
 and hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You will remember this
 wall on your overhead map.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it
appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  You can dig it to make it 
earth floor.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it earth floor
.  


ice wall
--------
This is a icy wall that occasionally appears on dungeon level 30 and below
 as a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'streams' of terrain through the dungeon
walls.  You can see through this wall making your equipment significantly
 heavier but it blocks you from moving through it and monsters that climb, 
casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that can pass
through walls and bore through walls pass through without impediment
 provided they resist and hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You
will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You can get stuck inside
this wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  You can 
tunnel it to take 4d4 damage and make it ice and expose the surrounding
grids to daylight.  You can stumble on it to take 4d4 damage and make it 
ice and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can magically
destroy it to make it cracked ice wall.  


cracked ice wall
----------------
This is a icy wall that rarely appears on dungeon level 30 and below as a
'lake' of terrain or as a 'streams' of terrain through the dungeon walls.  
You can cast spells and fire missiles through this wall without impediment
 but it blocks you from moving through it and monsters that climb and line
of sight.  This wall lets monsters that can ooze, pass through walls and 
bore through walls pass through without impediment provided they resist
 and hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You will remember this
 wall on your overhead map.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it
appear around you.  You can search it to find weak ice wall.  You can bash
 it to take 4d4 damage and make it pile of ice rubble and expose the
surrounding grids to daylight.  You can bash it to take 4d4 damage and
 make it pile of ice rubble and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  
You can tunnel it to take 4d4 damage and make it ice and expose the
surrounding grids to daylight.  You can stumble on it to take 4d4 damage
 and make it ice and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can 
burn it to make it ice and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  


weak ice wall
-------------
This is a icy wall that rarely appears on dungeon level 30 and below as a
'lake' of terrain or as a 'streams' of terrain through the dungeon walls.  
You can cast spells and fire missiles through this wall without impediment
 but it blocks you from moving through it and monsters that climb and line
of sight.  This wall lets monsters that can ooze, pass through walls and 
bore through walls pass through without impediment provided they resist
 and hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You will remember this
 wall on your overhead map.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it
appear around you.  You can bash it to take 4d4 damage and make it pile of
ice rubble and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can bash it
to take 4d4 damage and make it pile of ice rubble and expose the
surrounding grids to daylight.  You can tunnel it to take 4d4 damage and
 make it ice and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can 
stumble on it to take 4d4 damage and make it ice and expose the
surrounding grids to daylight.  You can burn it to make it ice and expose
the surrounding grids to daylight.  


impassable pile of ice rubble
-----------------------------
This is a icy wall that rarely appears on dungeon level 30 and below as a
'lake' of terrain or as a 'streams' of terrain through the dungeon walls.  
This  wall blocks you from moving through it and monsters that climb, line
of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters
that can dig, ooze, pass through walls and bore through walls pass through
 without impediment provided they resist and hides monsters that can pass
through walls.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You
stop running next to this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should
it appear around you.  You can search it to find impassable pile of ice
rubble.  You can dig it to take 2d4 damage and make it ice.  You can 
stumble on it to take 2d4 damage and make it ice.  


impassable pile of ice rubble
-----------------------------
This is a icy wall that rarely appears on dungeon level 30 and below as a
'lake' of terrain or as a 'streams' of terrain through the dungeon walls.  
This  wall blocks you from moving through it and monsters that climb, line
of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters
that can dig, ooze, pass through walls and bore through walls pass through
 without impediment provided they resist and hides monsters that can pass
through walls.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You
stop running next to this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should
it appear around you.  You can dig it to take 2d4 damage and make it ice.  
You can stumble on it to take 2d4 damage and make it ice.  


cracked ice wall
----------------
This is a icy wall that rarely appears on dungeon level 40 and below as a
'lake' of terrain or as a 'streams' of terrain through the dungeon walls.  
You can cast spells and fire missiles through this wall without impediment
 but it blocks you from moving through it and monsters that climb and line
of sight.  This wall lets monsters that can ooze, pass through walls and 
bore through walls pass through without impediment provided they resist
 and hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You will remember this
 wall on your overhead map.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it
appear around you.  You can tunnel it to take 4d4 damage and make it ice
 and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can stumble on it to
 take 4d4 damage and make it ice and expose the surrounding grids to
daylight.  


oil shale
---------
This is a fuel wall that occasionally appears on dungeon level 47 and below
 as a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'streams' of terrain through the dungeon
walls.  This  wall blocks you from moving through it and line of sight, 
casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that can 
climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass through without
impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You will
remember this wall on your overhead map.  You can get stuck inside this
 wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  You can 
tunnel it to make it oil.  You can magically remove rock from it to make
it oil.  


coal
----
This is a fuel wall that occasionally appears on dungeon level 50 and below
 as a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'streams' of terrain through the dungeon
walls.  This  wall blocks you from moving through it and line of sight, 
casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that can 
climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass through without
impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You will
remember this wall on your overhead map.  You can get stuck inside this
 wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  You can 
tunnel it to make it coal dust trail.  You can magically remove rock from
 it to make it open floor.  You can burn it to make it burning coal and
 potentially harm monsters.  


burning coal
------------
This is a fuel wall that occasionally appears on dungeon level 63 and below
 as a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'streams' of terrain through the dungeon
walls.  This  wall blocks you from moving through it and line of sight, 
casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that can 
climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass through without
impediment provided they resist and hides monsters that can pass through
walls.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You can get
stuck inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath in
this.  Whilst in this wall you take 8d6 damage continuously.  You can 
tunnel it to make it deep oil under a stone bridge and expose the
surrounding grids to daylight.  You can magically remove rock from it to
 make it open floor.  


blood-stained wall
------------------
This is a wall that commonly appears on dungeon level 80 and below as a
'streams' of terrain through the dungeon walls or next to the entrance of
a corridor in a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving through it and 
line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets
monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.
You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You stop running next
to this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it appear around
you.  You can't breath in this.  You can tunnel it to make it 
blood-stained floor.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it 
blood-stained floor.  


blood-stained wall
------------------
This is a wall that commonly appears on dungeon level 80 and below as a
'streams' of terrain through the dungeon walls or as part of the outer
wall of a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving through it and line of
sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that
can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass through without
impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You will
remember this wall on your overhead map.  You can get stuck inside this
 wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  You can 
tunnel it to make it blood-stained floor.  You can magically remove rock
from it to make it blood-stained floor.  You can flood it to make it 
granite wall.  




Stores
------

Small Goods Store
-----------------
This is a well-lit shop entrance that is found in the town.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this shop entrance without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will remember this
 shop entrance on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this shop
entrance.  


General Store
-------------
This is a well-lit shop entrance that is found in the town.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this shop entrance without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will remember this
 shop entrance on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this shop
entrance.  


Armoury
-------
This is a well-lit shop entrance that is found in the town.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this shop entrance without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will remember this
 shop entrance on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this shop
entrance.  


Weapon Smiths
-------------
This is a well-lit shop entrance that is found in the town.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this shop entrance without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will remember this
 shop entrance on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this shop
entrance.  


Temple
------
This is a well-lit shop entrance that is found in the town.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this shop entrance without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will remember this
 shop entrance on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this shop
entrance.  


Alchemy Shop
------------
This is a well-lit shop entrance that is found in the town.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this shop entrance without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will remember this
 shop entrance on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this shop
entrance.  


Magic Shop
----------
This is a well-lit shop entrance that is found in the town.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this shop entrance without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will remember this
 shop entrance on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this shop
entrance.  


Home
----
This is a well-lit shop entrance that is found in the town.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this shop entrance without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will remember this
 shop entrance on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this shop
entrance.  


'Bag End'
---------
This is a well-lit shop entrance that is found in the town.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this shop entrance without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will remember this
 shop entrance on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this shop
entrance.  


House of Elrond
---------------
This is a well-lit shop entrance that is found in the town.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this shop entrance without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will remember this
 shop entrance on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this shop
entrance.  


House of Beorn
--------------
This is a well-lit shop entrance that is found in the town.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this shop entrance without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will remember this
 shop entrance on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this shop
entrance.  


Farmhouse
---------
This is a well-lit shop entrance that is found in the town.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this shop entrance without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will remember this
 shop entrance on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this shop
entrance.  


Bilbo's House
-------------
This is a well-lit shop entrance that is found in the town.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this shop entrance without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will remember this
 shop entrance on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this shop
entrance.  


House of Tom Bombadil
---------------------
This is a well-lit shop entrance that is found in the town.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this shop entrance without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will remember this
 shop entrance on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this shop
entrance.  


Farmer Maggot's Mushroom Store
------------------------------
This is a well-lit shop entrance that is found in the town.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this shop entrance without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will remember this
 shop entrance on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this shop
entrance.  


Gandalf's Firework Shop
-----------------------
This is a well-lit shop entrance that is found in the town.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this shop entrance without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will remember this
 shop entrance on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this shop
entrance.  


Inn of the Green Dragon
-----------------------
This is a well-lit shop entrance that is found in the town.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this shop entrance without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will remember this
 shop entrance on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this shop
entrance.  


Inn of the Prancing Pony
------------------------
This is a well-lit shop entrance that is found in the town.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this shop entrance without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will remember this
 shop entrance on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this shop
entrance.  


Inn
---
This is a well-lit shop entrance that is found in the town.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this shop entrance without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will remember this
 shop entrance on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this shop
entrance.  


Goldberry's Pool
----------------
This is a well-lit shop entrance that is found in the town.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this shop entrance without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will remember this
 shop entrance on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this shop
entrance.  


Frodo's House
-------------
This is a well-lit shop entrance that is found in the town.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this shop entrance without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will remember this
 shop entrance on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this shop
entrance.  


Mill
----
This is a well-lit shop entrance that is found in the town.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this shop entrance without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will remember this
 shop entrance on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this shop
entrance.  


Marketplace
-----------
This is a well-lit shop entrance that is found in the town.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this shop entrance without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will remember this
 shop entrance on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this shop
entrance.  


Festhall
--------
This is a well-lit shop entrance that is found in the town.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this shop entrance without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will remember this
 shop entrance on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this shop
entrance.  


Fletcher
--------
This is a well-lit shop entrance that is found in the town.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this shop entrance without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will remember this
 shop entrance on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this shop
entrance.  


Barracks
--------
This is a well-lit shop entrance that is found in the town.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this shop entrance without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will remember this
 shop entrance on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this shop
entrance.  


tomb of Balin
-------------
This is a well-lit shop entrance that is found in the town.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this shop entrance without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will remember this
 shop entrance on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this shop
entrance.  


grey slab of stone
------------------
This is a well-lit shop entrance that is found in the town.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this shop entrance without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will remember this
 shop entrance on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this shop
entrance.  


Music hall
----------
This is a well-lit shop entrance that is found in the town.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this shop entrance without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will remember this
 shop entrance on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this shop
entrance.  


Jewelers
--------
This is a well-lit shop entrance that is found in the town.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this shop entrance without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will remember this
 shop entrance on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this shop
entrance.  


Library
-------
This is a well-lit shop entrance that is found in the town.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this shop entrance without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will remember this
 shop entrance on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this shop
entrance.  


Shrine
------
This is a well-lit shop entrance that is found in the town.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this shop entrance without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will remember this
 shop entrance on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this shop
entrance.  


Heavy Armoury
-------------
This is a well-lit shop entrance that is found in the town.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this shop entrance without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will remember this
 shop entrance on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this shop
entrance.  


Heavy Weapon Smith
------------------
This is a well-lit shop entrance that is found in the town.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this shop entrance without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will remember this
 shop entrance on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this shop
entrance.  


Runesmith
---------
This is a well-lit shop entrance that is found in the town.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this shop entrance without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will remember this
 shop entrance on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this shop
entrance.  


Chemist
-------
This is a well-lit shop entrance that is found in the town.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this shop entrance without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will remember this
 shop entrance on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this shop
entrance.  


Storeroom
---------
This is a well-lit shop entrance that is found in the town.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this shop entrance without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will remember this
 shop entrance on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this shop
entrance.  


Storeroom
---------
This is a well-lit shop entrance that is found in the town.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this shop entrance without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will remember this
 shop entrance on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this shop
entrance.  


Storeroom
---------
This is a well-lit shop entrance that is found in the town.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this shop entrance without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will remember this
 shop entrance on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this shop
entrance.  


Storeroom
---------
This is a well-lit shop entrance that is found in the town.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this shop entrance without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will remember this
 shop entrance on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this shop
entrance.  


Black Market
------------
This is a well-lit shop entrance that is found in the town.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this shop entrance without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will remember this
 shop entrance on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this shop
entrance.  


newly erected statue in your honor
----------------------------------
This is a well-lit shop entrance that is found in the town.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this shop entrance without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will remember this
 shop entrance on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this shop
entrance.  


Mirror of Galadriel
-------------------
This is a well-lit shop entrance that is found in the town.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this shop entrance without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will remember this
 shop entrance on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this shop
entrance.  


White Tree
----------
This is a well-lit shop entrance that is found in the town.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this shop entrance without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will remember this
 shop entrance on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this shop
entrance.  


tree with a banner 'Happy Elventy-One'
--------------------------------------
This is a well-lit shop entrance that is found in the town.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this shop entrance without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will remember this
 shop entrance on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this shop
entrance.  




Chests
------

broken chest
------------
This is a chest that commonly appears throughout the dungeon as a item
carried by monsters.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this chest without impediment but it blocks monsters that must
swim.  You can drop objects here.  You will remember this chest on your
overhead map.  You stop running next to this chest.  You can bash it to
 make it open floor.  You can bash it to no effect.  You can burn it to
 make it open floor.  You can melt it to make it open floor.  


small wooden chest (multiple traps)
-----------------------------------
This is a chest that commonly appears throughout the dungeon as a item
carried by monsters with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire
missiles and walk through this chest without impediment but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  This chest lets monsters that can fly, climb and 
bore through walls pass through without impediment.  You will remember this
 chest on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this chest.  You
 can open or bash it to suffer its effects and make it small wooden chest
(open) and find up to 4 treasures.  You can bash it to suffer its effects
 and make it broken chest and find up to 4 treasures.  You can disarm it to
 make it small wooden chest (locked).  You can stumble on it to suffer its
effects and make it small wooden chest (open) and find up to 4 treasures.  
You can burn it to make it open floor and find up to 4 treasures.  You can 
melt it to make it open floor and find up to 4 treasures.  


large wooden chest (multiple traps)
-----------------------------------
This is a chest that commonly appears throughout the dungeon as a item
carried by monsters with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire
missiles and walk through this chest without impediment but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  This chest lets monsters that can fly, climb and 
bore through walls pass through without impediment.  You will remember this
 chest on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this chest.  You
 can open or bash it to suffer its effects and make it large wooden chest
(open) and find up to 6 objects.  You can bash it to suffer its effects
 and make it broken chest and find up to 6 objects.  You can disarm it to
 make it large wooden chest (locked).  You can stumble on it to suffer its
effects and make it large wooden chest (open) and find up to 6 objects.  
You can burn it to make it open floor and find up to 6 objects.  You can 
melt it to make it open floor and find up to 6 objects.  


small iron chest (multiple traps)
---------------------------------
This is a chest that commonly appears throughout the dungeon as a item
carried by monsters with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire
missiles and walk through this chest without impediment but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  This chest lets monsters that can fly, climb and 
bore through walls pass through without impediment.  You will remember this
 chest on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this chest.  You
 can open or bash it to suffer its effects and make it small iron chest
(open) and find up to 4 treasures.  You can bash it to suffer its effects
 and make it broken chest and find up to 4 treasures.  You can disarm it to
 make it small iron chest (locked).  You can stumble on it to suffer its
effects and make it small iron chest (open) and find up to 4 treasures.  
You can melt it to make it open floor and find up to 4 treasures.  


large iron chest (multiple traps)
---------------------------------
This is a chest that commonly appears throughout the dungeon as a item
carried by monsters with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire
missiles and walk through this chest without impediment but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  This chest lets monsters that can fly, climb and 
bore through walls pass through without impediment.  You will remember this
 chest on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this chest.  You
 can open or bash it to suffer its effects and make it a random trap.  You
 can bash it to suffer its effects and make it a random trap.  You can 
disarm it to make it large iron chest (locked).  You can stumble on it to
 suffer its effects and make it a random trap.  You can melt it to make it 
open floor and find up to 6 objects.  


small steel chest (multiple traps)
----------------------------------
This is a chest that commonly appears throughout the dungeon as a item
carried by monsters with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire
missiles and walk through this chest without impediment but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  This chest lets monsters that can fly, climb and 
bore through walls pass through without impediment.  You will remember this
 chest on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this chest.  You
 can open or bash it to suffer its effects and make it a random trap.  You
 can bash it to suffer its effects and make it a random trap.  You can 
disarm it to make it small steel chest (locked).  You can stumble on it to
 suffer its effects and make it a random trap.  You can melt it to make it 
open floor and find up to 4 treasures.  


large steel chest (multiple traps)
----------------------------------
This is a chest that commonly appears throughout the dungeon as a item
carried by monsters with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, fire
missiles and walk through this chest without impediment but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  This chest lets monsters that can fly, climb and 
bore through walls pass through without impediment.  You will remember this
 chest on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this chest.  You
 can open or bash it to suffer its effects and make it a random trap.  You
 can bash it to suffer its effects and make it a random trap.  You can 
disarm it to make it large steel chest (locked).  You can stumble on it to
 suffer its effects and make it a random trap.  You can melt it to make it 
open floor and find up to 6 objects.  


small wooden chest
------------------
This is a chest that commonly appears on dungeon level 5 and below as a
specially placed item or as a item carried by monsters.  You can see, cast
spells, fire missiles and walk through this chest without impediment but it
 blocks monsters that must swim.  You will remember this chest on your
overhead map.  You stop running next to this chest.  You can search it to
 find small wooden chest (locked).  You can open or bash it to make it 
small wooden chest (open) and find up to 4 treasures.  You can bash it to
 make it broken chest and find up to 4 treasures.  You can burn it to make
it broken chest and find up to 4 treasures.  You can melt it to make it 
broken chest and find up to 4 treasures.  


small wooden chest (locked)
---------------------------
This is a chest that commonly appears on dungeon level 5 and below as a
item carried by monsters.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this chest without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this chest on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this chest.  You can open or bash it to make it small
wooden chest (open) and find up to 4 treasures.  You can bash it to make
it broken chest and find up to 4 treasures.  You can burn it to make it 
open floor and find up to 4 treasures.  You can melt it to make it open
floor and find up to 4 treasures.  


small wooden chest (open)
-------------------------
This is a chest that commonly appears on dungeon level 5 and below as a
item carried by monsters.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this chest without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You can drop objects here.  You will remember this chest on
your overhead map.  You stop running next to this chest.  You can bash it
to make it open floor.  You can close it to make it small wooden chest
(locked).  You can bash it to make it broken chest.  You can burn it to
 make it open floor.  You can melt it to make it open floor.  


small wooden chest (murder hole)
--------------------------------
This is a chest that commonly appears on dungeon level 5 and below as a
item carried by monsters with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, 
fire missiles and walk through this chest without impediment but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  You will remember this chest on your overhead
map.  You stop running next to this chest.  You can open or bash it to
 make it a random trap.  You can bash it to make it a random trap.  You
 can disarm it to make it small wooden chest (locked).  You can stumble on
 it to make it a random trap.  You can burn it to make it open floor and 
find up to 4 treasures.  You can melt it to make it open floor and find up
to 4 treasures.  


small wooden chest (spring-loaded trap)
---------------------------------------
This is a chest that commonly appears on dungeon level 5 and below as a
item carried by monsters with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, 
fire missiles and walk through this chest without impediment but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  You will remember this chest on your overhead
map.  You stop running next to this chest.  You can open or bash it to
 make it a random trap.  You can bash it to make it a random trap.  You
 can disarm it to make it small wooden chest (locked).  You can stumble on
 it to make it a random trap.  You can burn it to make it open floor and 
find up to 4 treasures.  You can melt it to make it open floor and find up
to 4 treasures.  


small wooden chest (gas trap)
-----------------------------
This is a chest that commonly appears on dungeon level 5 and below as a
item carried by monsters with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, 
fire missiles and walk through this chest without impediment but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  You will remember this chest on your overhead
map.  You stop running next to this chest.  You can open or bash it to
 make it a random trap.  You can bash it to make it a random trap.  You
 can disarm it to make it small wooden chest (locked).  You can stumble on
 it to make it a random trap.  You can burn it to make it open floor and 
find up to 4 treasures.  You can melt it to make it open floor and find up
to 4 treasures.  


small wooden chest (explosive trap)
-----------------------------------
This is a chest that commonly appears on dungeon level 5 and below as a
item carried by monsters with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, 
fire missiles and walk through this chest without impediment but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  This chest lets monsters that can fly, climb and 
bore through walls pass through without impediment.  You will remember this
 chest on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this chest.  You
 can open or bash it to suffer its effects and make it small wooden chest
(open) and find up to 4 treasures.  You can bash it to suffer its effects
 and make it broken chest and find up to 4 treasures.  You can disarm it to
 make it small wooden chest (locked) and find up to 4 Potions of
Detonationstreasures.  You can stumble on it to suffer its effects and
 make it broken chest and find up to 4 treasures.  You can burn it to make
it open floor and find up to 4 treasures.  You can melt it to make it open
floor and find up to 4 treasures.  


small wooden chest (locked)
---------------------------
This is a chest that commonly appears on dungeon level 5 and below as a
item carried by monsters.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this chest without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this chest on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this chest.  You can open or bash it to make it small
wooden chest (open).  You can bash it to make it broken chest.  You can 
burn it to make it open floor.  You can melt it to make it open floor.  


small wooden chest
------------------
This is a chest that rarely appears on dungeon level 5 and below as a
specially placed item or as a item carried by monsters with a hidden trap.
You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this chest
 without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will
remember this chest on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this
 chest.  You can search it to find a random trap.  You can open or bash it
to make it a random trap.  You can bash it to make it a random trap.  You
 can stumble on it to make it a random trap.  You can burn it to make it 
open floor and find up to 4 treasures.  You can melt it to make it open
floor and find up to 4 treasures.  


large wooden chest
------------------
This is a chest that commonly appears on dungeon level 15 and below as a
specially placed item or as a item carried by monsters.  You can see, cast
spells, fire missiles and walk through this chest without impediment but it
 blocks monsters that must swim.  You will remember this chest on your
overhead map.  You stop running next to this chest.  You can search it to
 find large wooden chest (locked).  You can open or bash it to make it 
large wooden chest (open) and find up to 6 objects.  You can bash it to
 make it broken chest and find up to 6 objects.  You can burn it to make
it open floor and find up to 6 objects.  You can melt it to make it open
floor and find up to 6 objects.  


large wooden chest (locked)
---------------------------
This is a chest that commonly appears on dungeon level 15 and below as a
item carried by monsters.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this chest without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this chest on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this chest.  You can open or bash it to make it large
wooden chest (open) and find up to 6 objects.  You can bash it to make it 
broken chest and find up to 6 objects.  You can burn it to make it open
floor and find up to 6 objects.  You can melt it to make it open floor and 
find up to 6 objects.  


large wooden chest (open)
-------------------------
This is a chest that commonly appears on dungeon level 15 and below as a
item carried by monsters.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this chest without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You can drop objects here.  You will remember this chest on
your overhead map.  You stop running next to this chest.  You can bash it
to make it open floor.  You can close it to make it large wooden chest
(locked).  You can bash it to make it broken chest.  You can burn it to
 make it open floor.  You can melt it to make it open floor.  


large wooden chest (murder hole)
--------------------------------
This is a chest that commonly appears on dungeon level 15 and below as a
item carried by monsters with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, 
fire missiles and walk through this chest without impediment but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  You will remember this chest on your overhead
map.  You stop running next to this chest.  You can open or bash it to
 make it a random trap.  You can bash it to make it a random trap.  You
 can disarm it to make it large wooden chest (locked).  You can stumble on
 it to make it a random trap.  You can burn it to make it open floor and 
find up to 6 objects.  You can melt it to make it open floor and find up
to 6 objects.  


large wooden chest (spring-loaded trap)
---------------------------------------
This is a chest that commonly appears on dungeon level 15 and below as a
item carried by monsters with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, 
fire missiles and walk through this chest without impediment but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  You will remember this chest on your overhead
map.  You stop running next to this chest.  You can open or bash it to
 make it a random trap.  You can bash it to make it a random trap.  You
 can disarm it to make it large wooden chest (locked).  You can stumble on
 it to make it a random trap.  You can burn it to make it open floor and 
find up to 6 objects.  You can melt it to make it open floor and find up
to 6 objects.  


large wooden chest (gas trap)
-----------------------------
This is a chest that commonly appears on dungeon level 15 and below as a
item carried by monsters with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, 
fire missiles and walk through this chest without impediment but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  You will remember this chest on your overhead
map.  You stop running next to this chest.  You can open or bash it to
 make it a random trap.  You can bash it to make it a random trap.  You
 can disarm it to make it large wooden chest (locked).  You can stumble on
 it to make it a random trap.  You can burn it to make it open floor and 
find up to 6 objects.  You can melt it to make it open floor and find up
to 6 objects.  


large wooden chest (explosive trap)
-----------------------------------
This is a chest that commonly appears on dungeon level 15 and below as a
item carried by monsters with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, 
fire missiles and walk through this chest without impediment but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  This chest lets monsters that can fly, climb and 
bore through walls pass through without impediment.  You will remember this
 chest on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this chest.  You
 can open or bash it to suffer its effects and make it large wooden chest
(open) and find up to 6 objects.  You can bash it to suffer its effects
 and make it broken chest and find up to 6 objects.  You can disarm it to
 make it large wooden chest (locked) and find up to 6 Potions of
Detonationsobjects.  You can stumble on it to suffer its effects and make
it broken chest and find up to 6 objects.  You can burn it to make it open
floor and find up to 6 objects.  You can melt it to make it open floor and 
find up to 6 objects.  


large wooden chest (locked)
---------------------------
This is a chest that commonly appears on dungeon level 15 and below as a
item carried by monsters.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this chest without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this chest on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this chest.  You can open or bash it to make it large
wooden chest (open).  You can bash it to make it broken chest.  You can 
burn it to make it open floor.  You can melt it to make it open floor.  


large wooden chest
------------------
This is a chest that occasionally appears on dungeon level 15 and below as
a specially placed item or as a item carried by monsters with a hidden trap
.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this chest
 without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will
remember this chest on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this
 chest.  You can search it to find a random trap.  You can open or bash it
to make it a random trap.  You can bash it to make it a random trap.  You
 can stumble on it to make it a random trap.  You can burn it to make it 
open floor and find up to 6 objects.  You can melt it to make it open floor
 and find up to 6 objects.  


small iron chest
----------------
This is a chest that commonly appears on dungeon level 25 and below as a
specially placed item or as a item carried by monsters.  You can see, cast
spells, fire missiles and walk through this chest without impediment but it
 blocks monsters that must swim.  You will remember this chest on your
overhead map.  You stop running next to this chest.  You can search it to
 find small iron chest (locked).  You can open or bash it to make it small
iron chest (open) and find up to 4 treasures.  You can bash it to make it 
broken chest and find up to 4 treasures.  You can melt it to make it open
floor and find up to 4 treasures.  


small iron chest
----------------
This is a chest that commonly appears on dungeon level 25 and below as a
specially placed item or as a item carried by monsters with a hidden trap.
You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this chest
 without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will
remember this chest on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this
 chest.  You can search it to find a random trap.  You can open or bash it
to make it a random trap.  You can bash it to make it a random trap.  You
 can stumble on it to make it a random trap.  You can melt it to make it 
open floor and find up to 4 treasures.  


small iron chest (locked)
-------------------------
This is a chest that commonly appears on dungeon level 25 and below as a
item carried by monsters.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this chest without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this chest on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this chest.  You can open or bash it to make it small iron
chest (open) and find up to 4 treasures.  You can bash it to make it 
broken chest and find up to 4 treasures.  You can melt it to make it open
floor and find up to 4 treasures.  


small iron chest (open)
-----------------------
This is a chest that commonly appears on dungeon level 25 and below as a
item carried by monsters.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this chest without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You can drop objects here.  You will remember this chest on
your overhead map.  You stop running next to this chest.  You can bash it
to make it open floor.  You can close it to make it small iron chest
(locked).  You can bash it to make it broken chest.  You can melt it to
 make it open floor.  


small iron chest (magic symbol)
-------------------------------
This is a chest that commonly appears on dungeon level 25 and below as a
item carried by monsters with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, 
fire missiles and walk through this chest without impediment but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  You will remember this chest on your overhead
map.  You stop running next to this chest.  You can open or bash it to
 make it a random trap.  You can bash it to make it a random trap.  You
 can disarm it to make it small iron chest (locked).  You can stumble on
 it to make it a random trap.  You can melt it to make it open floor and 
find up to 4 treasures.  


small iron chest (tripwire)
---------------------------
This is a chest that commonly appears on dungeon level 25 and below as a
item carried by monsters with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, 
fire missiles and walk through this chest without impediment but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  You will remember this chest on your overhead
map.  You stop running next to this chest.  You can open or bash it to
 make it a random trap.  You can bash it to make it a random trap.  You
 can disarm it to make it small iron chest (locked).  You can stumble on
 it to make it a random trap.  You can melt it to make it open floor and 
find up to 4 treasures.  


small iron chest (ancient hex)
------------------------------
This is a chest that commonly appears on dungeon level 25 and below as a
item carried by monsters with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, 
fire missiles and walk through this chest without impediment but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  You will remember this chest on your overhead
map.  You stop running next to this chest.  You can open or bash it to
 make it a random trap.  You can bash it to make it a random trap.  You
 can disarm it to make it small iron chest (locked).  You can stumble on
 it to make it a random trap.  You can melt it to make it open floor and 
find up to 4 treasures.  


small iron chest (explosive trap)
---------------------------------
This is a chest that commonly appears on dungeon level 25 and below as a
item carried by monsters with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, 
fire missiles and walk through this chest without impediment but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  You will remember this chest on your overhead
map.  You stop running next to this chest.  You can open or bash it to
 make it a random trap.  You can bash it to make it a random trap.  You
 can stumble on it to make it a random trap.  You can melt it to make it 
open floor and find up to 4 treasures.  


small iron chest (locked)
-------------------------
This is a chest that commonly appears on dungeon level 25 and below as a
item carried by monsters.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this chest without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this chest on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this chest.  You can open or bash it to make it small iron
chest (open).  You can bash it to make it broken chest.  You can melt it to
 make it open floor.  


large iron chest
----------------
This is a chest that commonly appears on dungeon level 35 and below as a
specially placed item or as a item carried by monsters with a hidden trap.
You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this chest
 without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will
remember this chest on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this
 chest.  You can search it to find a random trap.  You can open or bash it
to make it a random trap.  You can bash it to make it a random trap.  You
 can stumble on it to make it a random trap.  You can melt it to make it 
open floor and find up to 6 objects.  


large iron chest (locked)
-------------------------
This is a chest that commonly appears on dungeon level 35 and below as a
item carried by monsters.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this chest without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this chest on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this chest.  You can open or bash it to make it large iron
chest (open) and find up to 6 objects.  You can bash it to make it broken
chest and find up to 6 objects.  You can melt it to make it open floor and 
find up to 6 objects.  


large iron chest (open)
-----------------------
This is a chest that commonly appears on dungeon level 35 and below as a
item carried by monsters.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this chest without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You can drop objects here.  You will remember this chest on
your overhead map.  You stop running next to this chest.  You can bash it
to make it open floor.  You can close it to make it large iron chest
(locked).  You can bash it to make it broken chest.  You can melt it to
 make it open floor.  


large iron chest (magic symbol)
-------------------------------
This is a chest that commonly appears on dungeon level 35 and below as a
item carried by monsters with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, 
fire missiles and walk through this chest without impediment but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  You will remember this chest on your overhead
map.  You stop running next to this chest.  You can open or bash it to
 make it a random trap.  You can bash it to make it a random trap.  You
 can disarm it to make it large iron chest (locked).  You can stumble on
 it to make it a random trap.  You can melt it to make it open floor and 
find up to 6 objects.  


large iron chest (tripwire)
---------------------------
This is a chest that commonly appears on dungeon level 35 and below as a
item carried by monsters with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, 
fire missiles and walk through this chest without impediment but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  You will remember this chest on your overhead
map.  You stop running next to this chest.  You can open or bash it to
 make it a random trap.  You can bash it to make it a random trap.  You
 can disarm it to make it large iron chest (locked).  You can stumble on
 it to make it a random trap.  You can melt it to make it open floor and 
find up to 6 objects.  


large iron chest (ancient hex)
------------------------------
This is a chest that commonly appears on dungeon level 35 and below as a
item carried by monsters with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, 
fire missiles and walk through this chest without impediment but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  You will remember this chest on your overhead
map.  You stop running next to this chest.  You can open or bash it to
 make it a random trap.  You can bash it to make it a random trap.  You
 can disarm it to make it large iron chest (locked).  You can stumble on
 it to make it a random trap.  You can melt it to make it open floor and 
find up to 6 objects.  


large iron chest (explosive trap)
---------------------------------
This is a chest that commonly appears on dungeon level 35 and below as a
item carried by monsters with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, 
fire missiles and walk through this chest without impediment but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  You will remember this chest on your overhead
map.  You stop running next to this chest.  You can open or bash it to
 make it a random trap.  You can bash it to make it a random trap.  You
 can disarm it to make it large iron chest (locked).  You can stumble on
 it to make it a random trap.  You can melt it to make it open floor and 
find up to 6 objects.  


large iron chest (locked)
-------------------------
This is a chest that commonly appears on dungeon level 35 and below as a
item carried by monsters.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this chest without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this chest on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this chest.  You can open or bash it to make it large iron
chest (open).  You can bash it to make it broken chest.  You can melt it to
 make it open floor.  


large iron chest
----------------
This is a chest that occasionally appears on dungeon level 35 and below as
a specially placed item or as a item carried by monsters.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this chest without impediment
 but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will remember this chest on
your overhead map.  You stop running next to this chest.  You can search
 it to find large iron chest (locked).  You can open or bash it to make it 
large iron chest (open) and find up to 6 objects.  You can bash it to make
it broken chest and find up to 6 objects.  You can melt it to make it open
floor and find up to 6 objects.  


small steel chest
-----------------
This is a chest that commonly appears on dungeon level 45 and below as a
specially placed item or as a item carried by monsters.  You can see, cast
spells, fire missiles and walk through this chest without impediment but it
 blocks monsters that must swim.  You will remember this chest on your
overhead map.  You stop running next to this chest.  You can search it to
 find small steel chest (locked).  You can open or bash it to make it 
small steel chest (open) and find up to 4 treasures.  You can bash it to
 make it broken chest and find up to 4 treasures.  You can melt it to make
it open floor and find up to 4 treasures.  


small steel chest
-----------------
This is a chest that commonly appears on dungeon level 45 and below as a
specially placed item or as a item carried by monsters with a hidden trap.
You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this chest
 without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will
remember this chest on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this
 chest.  You can search it to find a random trap.  You can open or bash it
to make it a random trap.  You can bash it to make it a random trap.  You
 can stumble on it to make it a random trap.  You can melt it to make it 
open floor and find up to 4 treasures.  


small steel chest (locked)
--------------------------
This is a chest that commonly appears on dungeon level 45 and below as a
item carried by monsters.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this chest without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this chest on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this chest.  You can open or bash it to make it small
steel chest (open) and find up to 4 treasures.  You can bash it to make it 
broken chest and find up to 4 treasures.  You can melt it to make it open
floor and find up to 4 treasures.  


small steel chest (open)
------------------------
This is a chest that commonly appears on dungeon level 45 and below as a
item carried by monsters.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this chest without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You can drop objects here.  You will remember this chest on
your overhead map.  You stop running next to this chest.  You can bash it
to make it open floor.  You can close it to make it small steel chest
(locked).  You can bash it to make it broken chest.  You can melt it to
 make it open floor.  


small steel chest (magical symbol)
----------------------------------
This is a chest that commonly appears on dungeon level 45 and below as a
item carried by monsters with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, 
fire missiles and walk through this chest without impediment but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  You will remember this chest on your overhead
map.  You stop running next to this chest.  You can open or bash it to
 make it a random trap.  You can bash it to make it a random trap.  You
 can disarm it to make it small steel chest (locked).  You can stumble on
 it to make it a random trap.  You can melt it to make it open floor and 
find up to 4 treasures.  


small steel chest (tripwire)
----------------------------
This is a chest that commonly appears on dungeon level 45 and below as a
item carried by monsters with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, 
fire missiles and walk through this chest without impediment but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  You will remember this chest on your overhead
map.  You stop running next to this chest.  You can open or bash it to
 make it a random trap.  You can bash it to make it a random trap.  You
 can disarm it to make it small steel chest (locked).  You can stumble on
 it to make it a random trap.  You can melt it to make it open floor and 
find up to 4 treasures.  


small steel chest (ancient hex)
-------------------------------
This is a chest that commonly appears on dungeon level 45 and below as a
item carried by monsters with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, 
fire missiles and walk through this chest without impediment but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  You will remember this chest on your overhead
map.  You stop running next to this chest.  You can open or bash it to
 make it a random trap.  You can bash it to make it a random trap.  You
 can disarm it to make it small steel chest (locked).  You can stumble on
 it to make it a random trap.  You can melt it to make it open floor and 
find up to 4 treasures.  


small steel chest (explosive trap)
----------------------------------
This is a chest that commonly appears on dungeon level 45 and below as a
item carried by monsters with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, 
fire missiles and walk through this chest without impediment but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  You will remember this chest on your overhead
map.  You stop running next to this chest.  You can open or bash it to
 make it a random trap.  You can bash it to make it a random trap.  You
 can disarm it to make it small steel chest (locked).  You can stumble on
 it to make it a random trap.  You can melt it to make it open floor and 
find up to 4 treasures.  


small steel chest (locked)
--------------------------
This is a chest that commonly appears on dungeon level 45 and below as a
item carried by monsters.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this chest without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this chest on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this chest.  You can open or bash it to make it small
steel chest (open).  You can bash it to make it broken chest.  You can 
melt it to make it open floor.  


large steel chest
-----------------
This is a chest that commonly appears on dungeon level 55 and below as a
specially placed item or as a item carried by monsters with a hidden trap.
You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this chest
 without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will
remember this chest on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this
 chest.  You can search it to find a random trap.  You can open or bash it
to make it a random trap.  You can bash it to make it a random trap.  You
 can stumble on it to make it a random trap.  You can melt it to make it 
open floor and find up to 6 objects.  


large steel chest (locked)
--------------------------
This is a chest that commonly appears on dungeon level 55 and below as a
item carried by monsters.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this chest without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this chest on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this chest.  You can open or bash it to make it large
steel chest (open) and find up to 6 objects.  You can bash it to make it 
broken chest and find up to 6 objects.  You can melt it to make it open
floor and find up to 6 objects.  


large steel chest (open)
------------------------
This is a chest that commonly appears on dungeon level 55 and below as a
item carried by monsters.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this chest without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You can drop objects here.  You will remember this chest on
your overhead map.  You stop running next to this chest.  You can bash it
to make it open floor.  You can close it to make it large steel chest
(locked).  You can bash it to make it broken chest.  You can melt it to
 make it open floor.  


large steel chest (magical symbol)
----------------------------------
This is a chest that commonly appears on dungeon level 55 and below as a
item carried by monsters with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, 
fire missiles and walk through this chest without impediment but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  You will remember this chest on your overhead
map.  You stop running next to this chest.  You can open or bash it to
 make it a random trap.  You can bash it to make it a random trap.  You
 can disarm it to make it large steel chest (locked).  You can stumble on
 it to make it a random trap.  You can melt it to make it open floor and 
find up to 6 objects.  


large steel chest (tripwire)
----------------------------
This is a chest that commonly appears on dungeon level 55 and below as a
item carried by monsters with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, 
fire missiles and walk through this chest without impediment but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  You will remember this chest on your overhead
map.  You stop running next to this chest.  You can open or bash it to
 make it a random trap.  You can bash it to make it a random trap.  You
 can disarm it to make it large steel chest (locked).  You can stumble on
 it to make it a random trap.  You can melt it to make it open floor and 
find up to 6 objects.  


large steel chest (ancient hex)
-------------------------------
This is a chest that commonly appears on dungeon level 55 and below as a
item carried by monsters with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, 
fire missiles and walk through this chest without impediment but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  You will remember this chest on your overhead
map.  You stop running next to this chest.  You can open or bash it to
 make it a random trap.  You can bash it to make it a random trap.  You
 can disarm it to make it large steel chest (locked).  You can stumble on
 it to make it a random trap.  You can melt it to make it open floor and 
find up to 6 objects.  


large steel chest (explosive trap)
----------------------------------
This is a chest that commonly appears on dungeon level 55 and below as a
item carried by monsters with a hidden trap.  You can see, cast spells, 
fire missiles and walk through this chest without impediment but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  You will remember this chest on your overhead
map.  You stop running next to this chest.  You can open or bash it to
 make it a random trap.  You can bash it to make it a random trap.  You
 can disarm it to make it large steel chest (locked).  You can stumble on
 it to make it a random trap.  You can melt it to make it open floor and 
find up to 6 objects.  


large steel chest (locked)
--------------------------
This is a chest that commonly appears on dungeon level 55 and below as a
item carried by monsters.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this chest without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this chest on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this chest.  You can open or bash it to make it large
steel chest (open).  You can bash it to make it broken chest.  You can 
melt it to make it open floor.  


large steel chest
-----------------
This is a chest that rarely appears on dungeon level 55 and below as a
specially placed item or as a item carried by monsters.  You can see, cast
spells, fire missiles and walk through this chest without impediment but it
 blocks monsters that must swim.  You will remember this chest on your
overhead map.  You stop running next to this chest.  You can search it to
 find large steel chest (locked).  You can open or bash it to make it 
large steel chest (open) and find up to 6 objects.  You can bash it to
 make it broken chest and find up to 6 objects.  You can melt it to make
it open floor and find up to 6 objects.  




Furnishings
-----------

broken fountain
---------------
This is a feature that commonly appears in both the town and dungeon as a
specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that must
swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can magically remove rock from it to
 make it open floor.  


stone well
----------
This is a feature that commonly appears in both the town and dungeon as a
specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and climb
 through this feature taking an extra turn to enter and leave the grid.  
This feature lets monsters that can fly, swim, climb and bore through walls
 pass through without impediment and hides monsters that can sneak, swim
 and survive without breathing.  You will remember this feature on your
overhead map.  You stop running next to this feature.  You can get stuck
inside this feature should it appear around you.  You can search it to
 find water-filled well.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it 
open floor.  You can use it to fill a bottle or flask to get a Potion of
Water.  


water-filled well
-----------------
This is a feature that commonly appears in both the town and dungeon as a
specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and climb
 through this feature taking an extra turn to enter and leave the grid.  
This feature lets monsters that can fly, swim, climb, pass through walls
 and bore through walls pass through without impediment and hides monsters
that can sneak, swim, survive without breathing and pass through walls.  
You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop running
next to this feature.  You can get stuck inside this feature should it
appear around you.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it open
floor.  You can use it to make it stone well and fill a bottle or flask to
get a Potion of Water.  


empty fountain
--------------
This is a feature that commonly appears throughout the dungeon as a
specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that must
swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can magically remove rock from it to
 make it open floor.  You can flood it to make it clear fountain.  


clear fountain
--------------
This is a feature that commonly appears throughout the dungeon as a
specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that must
swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can bash it to make it broken fountain.
You can bash it to make it broken fountain.  You can magically remove rock
from it to make it open floor.  You can use it to fill a bottle or flask
to get a Potion of Water.  


burning torch
-------------
This is a glowing floor that commonly appears throughout the dungeon as a
specially placed item.  You can walk and run on this floor and can see, 
cast spells and fire missiles through it without impediment but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  You can drop objects here.  You will remember
this floor on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this floor.  
You can bash it to make it open floor and darken the surrounding grids.  
You can bash it to make it open floor and darken the surrounding grids.  
You can create glyphs on it to make it glyph of warding and darken the
surrounding grids.  You can set traps on it to make it a random trap and
darken the surrounding grids and potentially harm monsters.  You can burn
 it to make it open floor and darken the surrounding grids.  You can flood
 it to make it open floor and darken the surrounding grids.  You can 
gather it to make it open floor and darken the surrounding grids and find 
a Wooden Torch.  


flickering candle
-----------------
This is a glowing floor that commonly appears throughout the dungeon as a
specially placed item.  You can walk and run on this floor and can see, 
cast spells and fire missiles through it without impediment but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  You can drop objects here.  You will remember
this floor on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this floor.  
You can bash it to make it open floor and darken the surrounding grids.  
You can bash it to make it open floor and darken the surrounding grids.  
You can create glyphs on it to make it glyph of warding and darken the
surrounding grids.  You can set traps on it to make it a random trap and
darken the surrounding grids and potentially harm monsters.  You can burn
 it to make it open floor and darken the surrounding grids.  You can melt
 it to make it open floor and darken the surrounding grids.  You can flood
 it to make it open floor and darken the surrounding grids.  


magical light
-------------
This is a glowing floor that commonly appears throughout the dungeon as a
specially placed item.  You can walk and run on this floor and can see, 
cast spells and fire missiles through it without impediment but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  You can drop objects here.  You will remember
this floor on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this floor.  
You can create glyphs on it to make it glyph of warding and darken the
surrounding grids.  You can set traps on it to make it a random trap and
darken the surrounding grids and potentially harm monsters.  


clear fountain
--------------
This is a feature that commonly appears throughout the dungeon as a
specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that must
swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can search it to find open floor and 
find an object.  You can bash it to make it broken fountain and find an 
object.  You can bash it to make it broken fountain and find an object.  
You can magically remove rock from it to make it open floor and find an 
object.  You can use it to make it clear fountain and fill a bottle or
flask to get or find a Potion of Wateran object.  


linked chain
------------
This is a floor that commonly appears throughout the dungeon as a
specially placed item.  You can walk and run on this floor and can see, 
cast spells and fire missiles through it without impediment but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  You can drop objects here.  You will remember
this floor on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this floor.  
You can open it to make it opening chain and potentially harm monsters.  
You can close it to make it closing chain and potentially harm monsters.  
You can create glyphs on it to make it glyph of warding.  You can set
traps on it to make it a random trap and potentially harm monsters.  You
 can melt it to make it open floor.  You can gather it to make it loose
chain and find an Iron Spike.  


opening chain
-------------
This is a floor that commonly appears throughout the dungeon as a
specially placed item.  You can walk and run on this floor and can see, 
cast spells and fire missiles through it without impediment but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  This floor lets monsters that can fly, climb and 
bore through walls pass over without impediment provided they resist.  You
can drop objects here.  You will remember this floor on your overhead map.
You stop running next to this floor.  Whilst in this floor you take 0d0
damage continuously.  You can create glyphs on it to make it glyph of
warding.  You can set traps on it to make it a random trap and potentially
harm monsters.  You can melt it to make it open floor.  You can gather it
to make it loose chain and find an Iron Spike.  


closing chain
-------------
This is a floor that commonly appears throughout the dungeon as a
specially placed item.  You can walk and run on this floor and can see, 
cast spells and fire missiles through it without impediment but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  This floor lets monsters that can fly, climb and 
bore through walls pass over without impediment provided they resist.  You
can drop objects here.  You will remember this floor on your overhead map.
You stop running next to this floor.  Whilst in this floor you take 0d0
damage continuously.  You can create glyphs on it to make it glyph of
warding.  You can set traps on it to make it a random trap and potentially
harm monsters.  You can melt it to make it open floor.  You can gather it
to make it loose chain and find an Iron Spike.  


loose chain
-----------
This is a floor that commonly appears throughout the dungeon as a
specially placed item.  You can walk and run on this floor and can see, 
cast spells and fire missiles through it without impediment but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  You can drop objects here.  You will remember
this floor on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this floor.  
You can spike it to make it linked chain.  You can create glyphs on it to
 make it glyph of warding.  You can set traps on it to make it a random
trap and potentially harm monsters.  You can melt it to make it open floor
.  You can gather it to make it open floor and find 10 feet of Chain.  


loose chain
-----------
This is a floor that rarely appears throughout the dungeon as a specially
placed item.  You can walk and run on this floor and can see, cast spells
 and fire missiles through it without impediment but it blocks monsters
that must swim.  You can drop objects here.  You will remember this floor
 on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this floor.  You can 
search it to find loose chain.  You can spike it to make it linked chain.  
You can create glyphs on it to make it glyph of warding.  You can set
traps on it to make it a random trap and potentially harm monsters.  You
 can melt it to make it open floor.  You can gather it to make it open
floor and find 10 feet of Chain.  


winding chain
-------------
This is a floor that rarely appears throughout the dungeon as a specially
placed item.  You can walk and run on this floor and can see, cast spells
 and fire missiles through it without impediment but it blocks monsters
that must swim.  You can drop objects here.  You will remember this floor
 on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this floor.  You can 
create glyphs on it to make it glyph of warding.  You can set traps on it
to make it a random trap and potentially harm monsters.  You can melt it to
 make it open floor.  You can gather it to make it open floor and find 10
feet of Chain.  


linked chain
------------
This is a floor that rarely appears throughout the dungeon as a specially
placed item.  You can walk and run on this floor and can see, cast spells
 and fire missiles through it without impediment but it blocks monsters
that must swim.  You can drop objects here.  You will remember this floor
 on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this floor.  You can 
create glyphs on it to make it glyph of warding.  You can set traps on it
to make it a random trap and potentially harm monsters.  You can melt it to
 make it open floor.  You can gather it to make it open floor and find 10
feet of Chain.  


shrine dedicated to blood
-------------------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 5 and below 
as a specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can use it to make it empty shrine and 
apply, study or cast from a Blood Rune stone.  


shrine dedicated to doors
-------------------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 5 and below 
as a specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can use it to make it empty shrine and 
apply, study or cast from a Door Rune stone.  


shrine dedicated to flame
-------------------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 5 and below 
as a specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can use it to make it empty shrine and 
apply, study or cast from a Flame Rune stone.  


shrine dedicated to frost
-------------------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 5 and below 
as a specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can use it to make it empty shrine and 
apply, study or cast from a Frost Rune stone.  


shrine dedicated to summoning
-----------------------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 5 and below 
as a specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can use it to make it empty shrine and 
apply, study or cast from a Summoning Rune stone.  


shrine dedicated to the stars
-----------------------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 5 and below 
as a specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can use it to make it empty shrine and 
apply, study or cast from a Star Rune stone.  


shrine dedicated to storms
--------------------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 5 and below 
as a specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can use it to make it empty shrine and 
apply, study or cast from a Storm Rune stone.  


shrine dedicated to the earth
-----------------------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 5 and below 
as a specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can use it to make it empty shrine and 
apply, study or cast from an Earth Rune stone.  


shrine dedicated to waves
-------------------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 5 and below 
as a specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can use it to make it empty shrine and 
apply, study or cast from a Wave Rune stone.  


shrine dedicated to the wheel
-----------------------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 5 and below 
as a specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can use it to make it empty shrine and 
apply, study or cast from a Wheel Rune stone.  


wooden cage
-----------
This is a ground that commonly appears on dungeon level 10 and below as a
specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and climb
 through this ground taking an extra turn to enter and leave the grid.  
This ground lets monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore
through walls pass through without impediment and hides monsters that can 
pass through walls.  You can drop objects here.  You will remember this
 ground on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this ground.  You
can get stuck inside this ground should it appear around you.  You can 
open or bash it to make it open cage (wooden).  You can bash it to make it 
broken wood.  You can tunnel it to make it broken wood.  You can magically
remove rock from it to make it broken wood.  You can burn it to make it 
fire and light up the surrounding grids and potentially harm monsters.  
You can melt it to make it acidic vapour and potentially harm monsters.  


open cage (wooden)
------------------
This is a ground that commonly appears on dungeon level 10 and below as a
specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this ground without impediment but it blocks monsters that must
swim.  This ground hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You can
drop objects here.  You will remember this ground on your overhead map.  
You stop running next to this ground.  You can bash it to make it broken
wood.  You can close it to make it wooden cage.  You can bash it to make
it broken wood.  You can tunnel it to make it broken wood.  You can 
magically remove rock from it to make it broken wood.  You can burn it to
 make it fire and light up the surrounding grids and potentially harm
monsters.  You can melt it to make it acidic vapour and potentially harm
monsters.  


shrine dedicated to acid
------------------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 10 and below 
as a specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can use it to make it empty shrine and 
apply, study or cast from an Acid Rune stone.  


cloudy fountain
---------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 10 and below 
as a specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can bash it to make it broken fountain.
You can bash it to make it broken fountain.  You can magically remove rock
from it to make it open floor.  You can use it to fill a bottle or flask
to get a Potion of Lose Memories.  


bubbling fountain
-----------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 10 and below 
as a specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can bash it to make it broken fountain.
You can bash it to make it broken fountain.  You can magically remove rock
from it to make it open floor.  You can use it to fill a bottle or flask
to get a Potion of Cure Critical Wounds.  


shrine dedicated to the cross
-----------------------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 15 and below 
as a specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can use it to make it empty shrine and 
apply, study or cast from a Cross Rune stone.  


shrine dedicated to demons
--------------------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 15 and below 
as a specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can use it to make it empty shrine and 
apply, study or cast from a Demon Rune stone.  


shrine dedicated to explosives
------------------------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 15 and below 
as a specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can use it to make it empty shrine and 
apply, study or cast from an Explosive Rune stone.  


shrine dedicated to the eye
---------------------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 15 and below 
as a specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can use it to make it empty shrine and 
apply, study or cast from an Eye Rune stone.  


shrine dedicated to the hand
----------------------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 15 and below 
as a specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can use it to make it empty shrine and 
apply, study or cast from a Hand Rune stone.  


shrine dedicated to the mouth
-----------------------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 15 and below 
as a specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can use it to make it empty shrine and 
apply, study or cast from a Mouth Rune stone.  


stone altar
-----------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 17 and below as a
specially placed item.  You can walk through this feature but it blocks 
monsters that must swim, line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles
.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop running
next to this feature.  You can burn it to make it ashen altar.  You can 
use it to make it broken altar and study or cast from a Prayer Book of
Abjurations.  


iron cage
---------
This is a ground that commonly appears on dungeon level 20 and below as a
specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and climb
 through this ground taking an extra turn to enter and leave the grid.  
This ground lets monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore
through walls pass through without impediment and hides monsters that can 
pass through walls.  You can drop objects here.  You will remember this
 ground on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this ground.  You
can get stuck inside this ground should it appear around you.  You can 
open it to make it open cage (iron).  You can tunnel it to make it broken
bars.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it broken bars.  You
 can melt it to make it acidic vapour and potentially harm monsters.  


broken altar
------------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 20 and below as a
specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that must
swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can use it to study or cast from a
Prayer Book of Laying of Hands.  


open cage (iron)
----------------
This is a ground that commonly appears on dungeon level 20 and below as a
specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this ground without impediment but it blocks monsters that must
swim.  This ground hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You can
drop objects here.  You will remember this ground on your overhead map.  
You stop running next to this ground.  You can close it to make it iron
cage.  You can tunnel it to make it broken bars.  You can magically remove
rock from it to make it broken bars.  You can melt it to make it acidic
vapour and potentially harm monsters.  


smoky fountain
--------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 20 and below 
as a specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can bash it to make it broken fountain.
You can bash it to make it broken fountain.  You can magically remove rock
from it to make it open floor.  You can use it to fill a bottle or flask
to get a Potion of Enlightenment.  


shrine dedicated to dwarves
---------------------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 20 and below 
as a specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can use it to make it empty shrine and 
apply, study or cast from a Dwarven Rune stone.  


shrine dedicated to trees
-------------------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 20 and below 
as a specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can use it to make it empty shrine and 
apply, study or cast from a Tree Rune stone.  


golden altar
------------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 22 and below as a
specially placed item.  You can walk through this feature but it blocks 
monsters that must swim, line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles
.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop running
next to this feature.  You can use it to make it broken altar and study or
cast from a Prayer Book of Miracles.  


bone altar
----------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 22 and below as a
specially placed item.  You can walk through this feature but it blocks 
monsters that must swim, line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles
.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop running
next to this feature.  You can bash it to make it broken altar.  You can 
bash it to make it broken altar.  You can flood it to make it broken altar
.  You can use it to make it broken altar and study or cast from a Prayer
Book of the Dead.  


magic circle
------------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 23 and below as a
specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that must
swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can use it to study or cast from a
Magic Book of Enchantments.  


glass altar
-----------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 25 and below as a
specially placed item.  You can see and walk through this feature without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim, casting spells and 
firing missiles.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  
You stop running next to this feature.  You can bash it to make it broken
altar.  You can bash it to make it broken altar.  You can use it to make
it broken altar and study or cast from a Prayer Book of Divine Insights.  


shrine dedicated to elves
-------------------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 25 and below 
as a specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can use it to make it empty shrine and 
apply, study or cast from an Elven Rune stone.  


shrine dedicated to swords
--------------------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 25 and below 
as a specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can use it to make it empty shrine and 
apply, study or cast from a Sword Rune stone.  


magic circle
------------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 26 and below as a
specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that must
swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can use it to study or cast from a
Magic Book of Life Magic.  


harpsichord
-----------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 26 and below 
as a specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can magically destroy it to make it 
open floor.  You can use it to make it open floor and study or cast from a
Song Book of Progressions.  


wooden altar
------------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 30 and below as a
specially placed item.  You can walk through this feature but it blocks 
monsters that must swim, line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles
.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop running
next to this feature.  You can bash it to make it broken altar.  You can 
bash it to make it broken altar.  You can use it to make it broken altar
 and study or cast from a Prayer Book of the Way of God.  


magic circle
------------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 30 and below as a
specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that must
swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can use it to study or cast from a
Magic Book of Resistances.  


magic hexagram
--------------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 30 and below as a
specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that must
swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can use it to study or cast from a
Magic Book of Alchemy.  


shrine
------
This is a ground that commonly appears on dungeon level 30 and below as a
specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and climb
 through this ground taking an extra turn to enter the grid.  This ground
 lets monsters that can fly, climb, ooze, pass through walls and bore
through walls pass through without impediment and hides monsters that can 
pass through walls.  You will remember this ground on your overhead map.  
You can get stuck inside this ground should it appear around you.  You can 
search it to find empty shrine.  You can tunnel it to make it open floor.  
You can magically remove rock from it to make it open floor.  


shrine
------
This is a ground that commonly appears on dungeon level 30 and below as a
specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and climb
 through this ground taking an extra turn to enter the grid.  This ground
 lets monsters that can fly, climb, ooze, pass through walls and bore
through walls pass through without impediment and hides monsters that can 
pass through walls.  You will remember this ground on your overhead map.  
You can get stuck inside this ground should it appear around you.  You can 
search it to find open floor and find an object.  You can tunnel it to
 make it open floor and find an object.  You can magically remove rock from
 it to make it open floor and find an object.  


empty shrine
------------
This is a ground that commonly appears on dungeon level 30 and below as a
specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and climb
 through this ground taking an extra turn to enter the grid.  This ground
 lets monsters that can fly, climb, ooze, pass through walls and bore
through walls pass through without impediment and hides monsters that can 
pass through walls.  You will remember this ground on your overhead map.  
You can get stuck inside this ground should it appear around you.  You can 
tunnel it to make it open floor.  You can magically remove rock from it to
 make it open floor.  


grand harp
----------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 30 and below 
as a specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can magically destroy it to make it 
open floor.  You can use it to make it open floor and study or cast from a
Song Book of Soothing.  


misty fountain
--------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 30 and below 
as a specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can bash it to make it broken fountain.
You can bash it to make it broken fountain.  You can magically remove rock
from it to make it open floor.  You can use it to fill a bottle or flask
to get a Potion of Restore Body.  


shrine dedicated to clouds
--------------------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 30 and below 
as a specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can use it to make it empty shrine and 
apply, study or cast from a Cloud Rune stone.  


shrine dedicated to shields
---------------------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 30 and below 
as a specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can use it to make it empty shrine and 
apply, study or cast from a Shield Rune stone.  


magic triangle
--------------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 33 and below as a
specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that must
swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can use it to study or cast from a
Magic Book of Celestial Magic.  


magic circle
------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 33 and below 
as a specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can use it to study or cast from a
Magic Book of Animal Magic.  


iron bell
---------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 33 and below 
as a specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can magically destroy it to make it 
open floor.  You can use it to make it open floor and study or cast from a
Song Book of Drills.  


ashen altar
-----------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 35 and below 
as a specially placed item.  You can walk through this feature but it
 blocks monsters that must swim, line of sight, casting spells and firing
missiles.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can flood it to make it stone altar.  
You can use it to make it broken altar and study or cast from a Prayer
Book of Retribution.  


magic triangle
--------------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 36 and below as a
specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that must
swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can use it to study or cast from a
Magic Book of Earth Magic.  


magic circle
------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 36 and below 
as a specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can use it to study or cast from a
Magic Book of Psychic Magic.  


snake basket
------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 36 and below 
as a specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can magically destroy it to make it 
open floor.  You can use it to make it open floor and study or cast from a
Song Book of Snake Charming.  


blood-stained altar
-------------------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 40 and below as a
specially placed item.  You can walk through this feature but it blocks 
monsters that must swim, line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles
.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop running
next to this feature.  You can burn it to make it ashen altar.  You can 
flood it to make it stone altar.  You can use it to make it broken altar
 and study or cast from a Prayer Book of Accursed Ways.  


magic triangle
--------------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 40 and below as a
specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that must
swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can use it to study or cast from a
Magic Book of Escapes.  


magic square
------------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 40 and below as a
specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that must
swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can use it to study or cast from a
Magic Book of Air Magic.  


dusty altar
-----------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 40 and below 
as a specially placed item.  You can walk through this feature but it
 blocks monsters that must swim, line of sight, casting spells and firing
missiles.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can burn it to make it ashen altar.  
You can flood it to make it stone altar.  You can use it to make it broken
altar and study or cast from a Prayer Book of Most Holy Relics.  


great horn
----------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 40 and below 
as a specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can magically destroy it to make it 
open floor.  You can use it to make it open floor and study or cast from a
Song Book of Shanties.  


shrine dedicated to dragons
---------------------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 40 and below 
as a specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can use it to make it empty shrine and 
apply, study or cast from a Dragon Rune stone.  


shrine dedicated to the moon
----------------------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 40 and below 
as a specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can use it to make it empty shrine and 
apply, study or cast from a Moon Rune stone.  


shrine dedicated to magic
-------------------------
This is a feature that rarely appears on dungeon level 40 and below as a
specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that must
swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can use it to make it empty shrine and 
apply, study or cast from a Mana Rune stone.  


magic square
------------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 43 and below as a
specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that must
swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can use it to study or cast from a
Magic Book of Water Magic.  


pipe organ
----------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 43 and below 
as a specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can magically destroy it to make it 
open floor.  You can use it to make it open floor and study or cast from a
Song Book of Dirges.  


iron altar
----------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 45 and below 
as a specially placed item.  You can walk through this feature but it
 blocks monsters that must swim, line of sight, casting spells and firing
missiles.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can melt it to make it corroded altar.  
You can use it to make it broken altar and study or cast from a Prayer
Book of Battle Hymns.  


giant war drum
--------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 46 and below 
as a specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can magically destroy it to make it 
open floor.  You can use it to make it open floor and study or cast from a
Song Book of Pandemonium.  


magic square
------------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 50 and below as a
specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that must
swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can use it to study or cast from a
Magic Book of Destruction.  


brass gong
----------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 50 and below 
as a specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can magically destroy it to make it 
open floor.  You can use it to make it open floor and study or cast from a
Song Book of Snake Charming.  


shrine dedicated to arrows
--------------------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 50 and below 
as a specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can use it to make it empty shrine and 
apply, study or cast from an Arrow Rune stone.  


corroded altar
--------------
This is a feature that rarely appears on dungeon level 50 and below as a
specially placed item.  You can walk through this feature but it blocks 
monsters that must swim, line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles
.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop running
next to this feature.  You can use it to make it broken altar and study or
cast from a Prayer Book of Holy Wrath.  


magic square
------------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 56 and below as a
specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that must
swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can use it to study or cast from a
Magic Book of Fire Magic.  


magic triangle
--------------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 60 and below as a
specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that must
swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can use it to study or cast from a
Magic Book of Rune Magic.  


magic pentagram
---------------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 60 and below as a
specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that must
swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can use it to study or cast from a
Magic Book of Frost Magic.  


magic pentagram
---------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 60 and below 
as a specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can use it to study or cast from a
Magic Book of Transformations.  


magic hexagram
--------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 60 and below 
as a specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can use it to study or cast from a
Magic Book of Necromancy.  


grand piano
-----------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 60 and below 
as a specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can magically destroy it to make it 
open floor.  You can use it to make it open floor and study or cast from a
Song Book of Snake Charming.  


magic pentagram
---------------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 63 and below as a
specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that must
swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can use it to study or cast from a
Magic Book of Acid Magic.  


magic hexagram
--------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 63 and below 
as a specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can use it to study or cast from a
Magic Book of Artifice.  


magic pentagram
---------------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 66 and below as a
specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that must
swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can use it to study or cast from a
Magic Book of Storm Magic.  


magic hexagram
--------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 70 and below 
as a specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can use it to study or cast from a
Magic Book of Power.  


magic hexagram
--------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 76 and below 
as a specially placed item.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can use it to study or cast from a
Magic Book of Lore.  




Bridges
-------

acidic vapour around a stone bridge
-----------------------------------
This is a acid feature that commonly appears in both the town and dungeon.
You can cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this feature without
impediment but it blocks line of sight.  This feature lets monsters that
can fly, swim, climb and bore through walls pass through without impediment
 provided they resist and hides monsters that can swim and survive without
breathing.  You can drop objects here.  You will remember this feature on
your overhead map.  You stop running next to this feature.  Whilst in this
 feature you take 8d6 damage continuously.  You can magically remove rock
from it to no effect.  


steam around a stone bridge
---------------------------
This is a feature that commonly appears in both the town and dungeon.  You
 can cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this feature without
impediment but it blocks line of sight.  This feature lets monsters that
can fly, swim, climb and bore through walls pass through without impediment
 provided they resist and hides monsters that can swim and survive without
breathing.  You can drop objects here.  You will remember this feature on
your overhead map.  You stop running next to this feature.  Whilst in this
 feature you take 3d6 damage continuously.  You can magically remove rock
from it to no effect.  You can burn it to make it boiling water under a
stone bridge.  You can freeze it to make it boiling water under a stone
bridge.  


falling giant spider web
------------------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 15 and below.
You can cast spells, fire missiles, run and climb through this feature
 taking an extra turn to enter and leave the grid but it blocks line of
sight.  This feature lets monsters that can bore through walls pass 
through without impediment.  You will remember this feature on your
overhead map.  You stop running next to this feature.  You can get stuck
inside this feature should it appear around you.  You can burn it to make
it chasm and potentially harm monsters.  You can disturb it to make it 
chasm and potentially harm monsters.  You can flood it to make it chasm
 and potentially harm monsters.  


deep water under a stone bridge
-------------------------------
This is a water feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 27 and below
.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles, walk and run through this
 feature without impediment.  This feature lets monsters that can fly, 
swim, climb and bore through walls pass through without impediment
 provided they resist and hides monsters that can swim and survive without
breathing.  You can drop objects here.  You will remember this feature on
your overhead map.  Whilst in this feature you take 4d6 damage
 continuously.  You can freeze it to make it deep water under ice under a
stone bridge.  You can poison it to make it deep poisonous water under a
stone bridge.  You can flood it to make it a wave breaking over a stone
bridge.  You can use it to fill a bottle or flask to get a Potion of Water
.  


burning oil under a stone bridge
--------------------------------
This is a fuel feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 27 and below
.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this feature
 without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You can drop
objects here.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You
stop running next to this feature.  You can magically remove rock from it
to no effect.  


deep water under ice under a stone bridge
-----------------------------------------
This is a icy water feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 36 and
below.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles, walk and run through this
 feature without impediment.  This feature lets monsters that can fly, 
swim, climb and bore through walls pass through without impediment
 provided they resist and hides monsters that can swim and survive without
breathing.  You can drop objects here.  You will remember this feature on
your overhead map.  Whilst in this feature you take 6d6 damage
 continuously.  You can burn it to make it deep water.  You can magically
destroy it to make it deep water under ice.  


stone bridge
------------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 40 and below.  
You can see, cast spells, fire missiles, walk and run through this feature
 without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You can drop
objects here.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  


wooden bridge
-------------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 40 and below.  
You can see, cast spells, fire missiles, walk and run through this feature
 without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You can drop
objects here.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You
 can burn it to make it burning wooden bridge over a chasm and potentially
harm monsters.  You can melt it to make it weak wooden bridge over a chasm
.  You can magically destroy it to make it weak wooden bridge over a chasm
.  


weak wooden bridge (hidden)
---------------------------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 40 and below.  
You can see, cast spells, fire missiles, walk and run through this feature
 without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You can drop
objects here.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You
 can search it to find weak wooden bridge over a chasm.  You can burn it to
 make it burning wooden bridge over a chasm and potentially harm monsters.
You can melt it to make it broken wooden bridge (hidden).  


weak wooden bridge over a chasm
-------------------------------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 40 and below.  
You can see, cast spells, fire missiles, walk and run through this feature
 without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You can drop
objects here.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You
 can burn it to make it burning wooden bridge over a chasm and potentially
harm monsters.  You can melt it to make it broken wooden bridge over a
chasm.  


burning wooden bridge over a chasm
----------------------------------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 40 and below.  
You can see, cast spells, fire missiles, walk and run through this feature
 without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This feature
 lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass through
 without impediment provided they resist.  You can drop objects here.  You
will remember this feature on your overhead map.  Whilst in this feature
 you take 4d6 damage continuously.  You can burn it to make it burning
wooden bridge over a chasm.  You can flood it to make it burning wooden
bridge over a chasm.  


deep poisonous water under a stone bridge
-----------------------------------------
This is a water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 46 and
below as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles, 
walk and run through this feature without impediment.  This feature lets
monsters that can fly, swim, climb and bore through walls pass through
 without impediment provided they resist and hides monsters that can swim
 and survive without breathing.  You can drop objects here.  You will
remember this feature on your overhead map.  Whilst in this feature you
take 4d6 damage continuously.  You can freeze it to make it deep water
under ice under a stone bridge.  You can flood it to make it a poisonous
wave breaking over a stone bridge.  You can use it to fill a bottle or
flask to get a Potion of Poison.  


deep oil under a stone bridge
-----------------------------
This is a fuel feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 47 and below
.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles, walk and run through this
 feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You
can drop objects here.  You will remember this feature on your overhead
map.  You stop running next to this feature.  You can magically remove
rock from it to no effect.  You can burn it to make it burning oil under a
stone bridge.  You can use it to fill a bottle or flask to get a Flask of
Oil.  


deep mud under a stone bridge
-----------------------------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 48 and below.  
You can see, cast spells, fire missiles, walk and run through this feature
 without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This feature
 hides monsters that can dig.  You can drop objects here.  You will
remember this feature on your overhead map.  You can magically remove rock
from it to make it deep mud and potentially harm monsters.  


boiling mud under a stone bridge
--------------------------------
This is a boiling mud water feature that commonly appears on dungeon level
60 and below.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles, walk and run
 through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that must
swim.  This feature lets monsters that can fly, climb, dig, ooze and bore
through walls pass through without impediment provided they resist and
 hides monsters that can dig.  You can drop objects here.  You will
remember this feature on your overhead map.  Whilst in this feature you
take 6d6 damage continuously.  


rope bridge
-----------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 66 and below as a
'lake' of terrain.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles, run and climb
 through this feature taking an extra turn to enter the grid.  This
 feature lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment.  You can drop objects here.  You will remember
this feature on your overhead map.  You can get stuck inside this feature
 should it appear around you.  You can burn it to make it rope hanging
over a chasm.  You can melt it to make it rope hanging over a chasm.  You
 can magically destroy it to make it rope hanging over a chasm.  You can 
gather it to make it rope hanging over a chasm and find an Iron Spike.  


chain bridge
------------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 66 and below as a
'lake' of terrain.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles, run and climb
 through this feature taking an extra turn to enter the grid.  This
 feature lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment.  You can drop objects here.  You will remember
this feature on your overhead map.  You can get stuck inside this feature
 should it appear around you.  You can open it to make it opening chain
bridge and potentially harm monsters.  You can close it to make it closing
chain bridge and potentially harm monsters.  You can melt it to make it 
chain hanging over a chasm.  You can magically destroy it to make it chain
hanging over a chasm.  You can gather it to make it chain hanging over a
chasm and find an Iron Spike.  


broken wooden bridge (hidden)
-----------------------------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 66 and below.  
You can see, cast spells, fire missiles, walk and run through this feature
 without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You can drop
objects here.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You
 can search it to find broken wooden bridge over a chasm.  You can burn it
to make it falling burning wood and potentially harm monsters.  You can 
melt it to make it falling wooden bridge and potentially harm monsters.  
You can disturb it to make it falling wooden bridge and potentially harm
monsters.  


broken wooden bridge over a chasm
---------------------------------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 66 and below.  
You can see, cast spells, fire missiles, walk and run through this feature
 without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You can drop
objects here.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You
 can burn it to make it falling burning wood and potentially harm monsters
.  You can melt it to make it falling wooden bridge and potentially harm
monsters.  You can disturb it to make it falling wooden bridge and
 potentially harm monsters.  


burning wooden bridge over a chasm
----------------------------------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 66 and below.  
You can see, cast spells, fire missiles, walk and run through this feature
 without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This feature
 lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass through
 without impediment provided they resist.  You can drop objects here.  You
will remember this feature on your overhead map.  Whilst in this feature
 you take 4d6 damage continuously.  You can burn it to make it falling
burning wood.  You can flood it to make it broken wooden bridge over a
chasm.  


falling rope
------------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 66 and below.  
You can see, cast spells, fire missiles, walk and run through this feature
 without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will
remember this feature on your overhead map.  


falling chain
-------------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 66 and below.  
You can see, cast spells, fire missiles, walk and run through this feature
 without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will
remember this feature on your overhead map.  


falling wooden bridge
---------------------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 66 and below.  
You can see, cast spells, fire missiles, walk and run through this feature
 without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This feature
 lets monsters that can fly and bore through walls pass through without
impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this feature on your
overhead map.  Whilst in this feature you take 4d6 damage continuously.  


falling burning wood
--------------------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 66 and below.  
You can see, cast spells, fire missiles, walk and run through this feature
 without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This feature
 lets monsters that can fly and bore through walls pass through without
impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this feature on your
overhead map.  Whilst in this feature you take 4d6 damage continuously.  


ice bridge
----------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 66 and below as a
'lake' of terrain.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles, walk and run
 through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that must
swim.  You can drop objects here.  You will remember this feature on your
overhead map.  You can burn it to make it broken ice bridge over a chasm.  
You can magically destroy it to make it broken ice bridge over a chasm.  


broken ice bridge over a chasm
------------------------------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 66 and below as a
'lake' of terrain.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles, walk and run
 through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that must
swim.  You can drop objects here.  You will remember this feature on your
overhead map.  You can burn it to make it falling ice and potentially harm
monsters.  You can magically destroy it to make it falling ice and
 potentially harm monsters.  You can disturb it to make it falling ice and
 potentially harm monsters.  


falling ice
-----------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 66 and below.  
You can see, cast spells, fire missiles, walk and run through this feature
 without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This feature
 lets monsters that can fly and bore through walls pass through without
impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this feature on your
overhead map.  Whilst in this feature you take 4d6 damage continuously.  
You can magically destroy it to make it ice chasm.  


vine bridge
-----------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 66 and below as a
'lake' of terrain.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles, run and climb
 through this feature taking an extra turn to enter the grid.  This
 feature lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment.  You can drop objects here.  You will remember
this feature on your overhead map.  You can get stuck inside this feature
 should it appear around you.  You can burn it to make it vine hanging
over a chasm.  You can melt it to make it vine hanging over a chasm.  You
 can magically destroy it to make it vine hanging over a chasm.  You can 
gather it to make it vine hanging over a chasm and find a Vine.  


falling vine
------------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 66 and below.  
You can see, cast spells, fire missiles, walk and run through this feature
 without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You will
remember this feature on your overhead map.  


opening chain bridge
--------------------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 66 and below as a
'lake' of terrain.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles, run and climb
 through this feature taking an extra turn to enter the grid.  This
 feature lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist.  You can drop objects here
.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You can get stuck
inside this feature should it appear around you.  Whilst in this feature
 you take 0d0 damage continuously.  You can melt it to make it chain
hanging over a chasm.  You can magically destroy it to make it chain
hanging over a chasm.  You can gather it to make it chain hanging over a
chasm and find an Iron Spike.  


closing chain bridge
--------------------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 66 and below as a
'lake' of terrain.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles, run and climb
 through this feature taking an extra turn to enter the grid.  This
 feature lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist.  You can drop objects here
.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You can get stuck
inside this feature should it appear around you.  Whilst in this feature
 you take 0d0 damage continuously.  You can melt it to make it chain
hanging over a chasm.  You can magically destroy it to make it chain
hanging over a chasm.  You can gather it to make it chain hanging over a
chasm and find an Iron Spike.  


giant spider web hanging over a chasm
-------------------------------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 66 and below 
as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can cast spells, fire missiles, run and climb
 through this feature taking an extra turn to enter and leave the grid but
it blocks line of sight.  This feature lets monsters that can climb and 
bore through walls pass through without impediment.  You will remember this
 feature on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this feature.  
You can get stuck inside this feature should it appear around you.  You
 can burn it to make it falling giant spider web.  You can magically
destroy it to make it falling giant spider web.  You can disturb it to
 make it falling giant spider web.  You can flood it to make it falling
giant spider web.  


tree trunk over a chasm
-----------------------
This is a tree that rarely appears on dungeon level 66 and below as a
'lake' of terrain.  You can climb through this tree taking an extra turn
to enter and leave the grid but it blocks line of sight, casting spells
 and firing missiles.  This tree lets monsters that can fly and bore
through walls pass through without impediment and hides monsters that can 
stay still.  You will remember this tree on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this tree.  You can get stuck inside this tree should it
appear around you.  You can burn it to make it chasm and cover the
surrounding grids with branches and expose the surrounding grids to
daylight and potentially harm monsters.  You can flood it to make it chasm
 and cover the surrounding grids with branches and expose the surrounding
grids to daylight and potentially harm monsters.  


giant spider web over a chasm
-----------------------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 75 and below 
as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can cast spells, fire missiles, run and climb
 through this feature taking an extra turn to enter and leave the grid but
it blocks line of sight.  This feature lets monsters that can climb and 
bore through walls pass through without impediment.  You will remember this
 feature on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this feature.  
You can get stuck inside this feature should it appear around you.  You
 can burn it to make it giant spider web hanging over a chasm.  You can 
flood it to make it giant spider web hanging over a chasm.  


deep acid under a stone bridge
------------------------------
This is a acid feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 78 and below
.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles, walk and run through this
 feature without impediment.  This feature lets monsters that can fly, 
swim, climb and bore through walls pass through without impediment
 provided they resist and hides monsters that can swim and survive without
breathing.  You can drop objects here.  You will remember this feature on
your overhead map.  Whilst in this feature you take 4d6 damage
 continuously.  You can melt it to make it acidic vapour around a stone
bridge.  You can use it to fill a bottle or flask to get a Flask of Acid.  



boiling water under a stone bridge
----------------------------------
This is a boiling water feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 81
and below.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles, walk and run through
 this feature without impediment.  This feature lets monsters that can fly
, swim, climb and bore through walls pass through without impediment
 provided they resist and hides monsters that can swim and survive without
breathing.  You can drop objects here.  You will remember this feature on
your overhead map.  Whilst in this feature you take 6d6 damage
 continuously.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it boiling
water.  You can boil or steam it to make it steam around a stone bridge.  


deep lava under a stone bridge
------------------------------
This is a lava feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 87 and below
.  You can see, walk and run through this feature without impediment but it
 blocks monsters that must swim, casting spells and firing missiles.  This
 feature lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist.  You can drop objects here
.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  Whilst in this
 feature you take 24d6 damage continuously.  




Water
-----

a wave breaking over rock
-------------------------
This is a deep water feature that commonly appears in both the town and
dungeon.  You can climb on this feature taking an extra turn to enter the
grid and making your equipment heavier and can see, cast spells and fire
missiles through it without impediment.  This feature lets monsters that
can fly, climb and bore through walls pass over without impediment and
 hides monsters that can dig.  You can drop objects here.  You can get
stuck inside this feature should it appear around you.  You can gather it
to make it pebbles and find a large Rock.  


a wave breaking over pebbles
----------------------------
This is a deep water feature that commonly appears in both the town and
dungeon.  You can walk on this feature making your equipment heavier and
 can see, cast spells and fire missiles through it without impediment but
it blocks monsters that must swim.  This feature hides monsters that can 
dig.  You can drop objects here.  You can gather it to make it pebbles and 
find a Rounded Pebble.  


a wave breaking over a tree trunk
---------------------------------
This is a deep water feature that commonly appears in both the town and
dungeon.  You can see and climb through this feature taking an extra turn
to enter and leave the grid and making your equipment heavier but it
 blocks casting spells and firing missiles.  This feature lets monsters
that can fly and bore through walls pass through without impediment and
 hides monsters that can sneak.  You will remember this feature on your
overhead map.  You can get stuck inside this feature should it appear
around you.  You can bash it to no effect.  You can bash it to no effect.  
You can burn it to make it burning tree and light up the surrounding grids
 and hide the surrounding grids from the sun and potentially harm monsters
.  


a wave breaking over open ground
--------------------------------
This is a deep water feature that commonly appears in both the town and
dungeon.  You can walk and run on this feature making your equipment
 heavier and can see, cast spells and fire missiles through it without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You can drop objects
here.  


a wave breaking over shady ground
---------------------------------
This is a deep water feature that commonly appears in both the town and
dungeon.  You can walk and run on this feature making your equipment
 heavier and can see, cast spells and fire missiles through it without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You can drop objects
here.  


stagnant water
--------------
This is a shallow feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 18 and
below as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this feature making your equipment slightly heavier.  This
 feature hides monsters that can sneak, swim and survive without breathing
.  You can drop objects here but they will disappear from view.  You will
remember this feature on your overhead map.  You can freeze it to make it 
ice and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can flood it to
 make it underwater and potentially harm monsters.  You can use it to fill
a bottle or flask to get a Potion of Sickliness.  


water
-----
This is a shallow water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level
18 and below as a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'river' of terrain.  You can 
see, cast spells, fire missiles, walk and run through this feature making
your equipment slightly heavier.  This feature hides monsters that can 
sneak, swim and survive without breathing.  You can drop objects here but
they will disappear from view.  You will remember this feature on your
overhead map.  You can freeze it to make it ice.  You can poison it to
 make it poisonous water.  You can flood it to make it the crest of a wave
over water and potentially harm monsters.  You can use it to fill a bottle
or flask to get a Potion of Water.  


the crest of a wave over water
------------------------------
This is a deep water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 18
and below.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and climb through this
 feature taking an extra turn to enter the grid and making your equipment
 heavier.  This feature lets monsters that can fly, swim and bore through
walls pass through without impediment provided they resist.  You can drop
objects here but they will disappear from view.  You will remember this
 feature on your overhead map.  You can get stuck inside this feature
 should it appear around you.  Whilst in this feature you take 4d6 damage
 continuously.  You can freeze it to make it ice.  You can poison it to
 make it the crest of a wave over poisonous water.  You can use it to fill
a bottle or flask to get a Potion of Water.  


a wave over water
-----------------
This is a deep water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 18
and below.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this
 feature making your equipment heavier.  This feature lets monsters that
can fly, swim and bore through walls pass through without impediment
 provided they resist and hides monsters that can swim and survive without
breathing.  You can drop objects here but they will disappear from view.  
You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  Whilst in this
 feature you take 4d6 damage continuously.  You can freeze it to make it 
ice.  You can poison it to make it a wave over poisonous water.  You can 
use it to fill a bottle or flask to get a Potion of Water.  


rough water
-----------
This is a shallow water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level
18 and below.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this feature making your equipment slightly heavier.  This feature hides
monsters that can sneak, swim and survive without breathing.  You can drop
objects here but they will disappear from view.  You will remember this
 feature on your overhead map.  You can freeze it to make it ice.  You can 
poison it to make it poisonous rough water.  You can use it to fill a
bottle or flask to get a Potion of Water.  


the crest of a wave over poisonous water
----------------------------------------
This is a deep water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 18
and below.  You can see and climb through this feature taking an extra
turn to enter the grid and making your equipment heavier but it blocks 
casting spells and firing missiles.  This feature lets monsters that can 
fly, swim and bore through walls pass through without impediment provided
they resist.  You can drop objects here but they will disappear from view.
You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You can get stuck
inside this feature should it appear around you.  Whilst in this feature
 you take 4d6 damage continuously.  You can freeze it to make it ice.  You
 can use it to fill a bottle or flask to get a Potion of Poison.  


a wave over poisonous water
---------------------------
This is a deep water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 18
and below.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this
 feature making your equipment heavier.  This feature lets monsters that
can fly, swim and bore through walls pass through without impediment
 provided they resist and hides monsters that can swim and survive without
breathing.  You can drop objects here but they will disappear from view.  
You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  Whilst in this
 feature you take 4d6 damage continuously.  You can freeze it to make it 
ice.  You can use it to fill a bottle or flask to get a Potion of Poison.  



poisonous rough water
---------------------
This is a shallow water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level
18 and below.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this feature making your equipment slightly heavier.  This feature hides
monsters that can sneak, swim and survive without breathing.  You can drop
objects here but they will disappear from view.  You will remember this
 feature on your overhead map.  You can freeze it to make it ice.  You can 
use it to fill a bottle or flask to get a Potion of Poison.  


water over open floor
---------------------
This is a shallow water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level
18 and below as a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'river' of terrain.  You can 
see, cast spells, fire missiles, walk and run through this feature making
your equipment slightly heavier.  This feature hides monsters that can 
sneak, swim and survive without breathing.  You can drop objects here but
they will disappear from view.  You will remember this feature on your
overhead map.  You can freeze it to make it ice and expose the surrounding
grids to daylight.  You can flood it to make it the crest of a wave over
open floor and potentially harm monsters.  You can use it to fill a bottle
or flask to get a Potion of Water.  


a wave breaking over open floor
-------------------------------
This is a deep water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 18
and below.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this
 feature making your equipment heavier.  This feature lets monsters that
can fly, swim and bore through walls pass through without impediment
 provided they resist and hides monsters that can swim and survive without
breathing.  You can drop objects here but they will disappear from view.  
You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  Whilst in this
 feature you take 4d6 damage continuously.  You can freeze it to make it 
ice and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can use it to fill
a bottle or flask to get a Potion of Water.  


water over open floor
---------------------
This is a shallow water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level
18 and below.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this feature making your equipment slightly heavier.  This feature hides
monsters that can sneak, swim and survive without breathing.  You can drop
objects here but they will disappear from view.  You will remember this
 feature on your overhead map.  You can freeze it to make it ice and
expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can use it to fill a bottle
or flask to get a Potion of Water.  


the crest of a wave over open floor
-----------------------------------
This is a deep water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 18
and below.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and climb through this
 feature taking an extra turn to enter the grid and making your equipment
 heavier.  This feature lets monsters that can fly, swim and bore through
walls pass through without impediment provided they resist.  You can drop
objects here but they will disappear from view.  You will remember this
 feature on your overhead map.  You can get stuck inside this feature
 should it appear around you.  Whilst in this feature you take 4d6 damage
 continuously.  You can freeze it to make it ice and expose the
surrounding grids to daylight.  You can poison it to no effect.  You can 
flood it to no effect.  You can use it to fill a bottle or flask to get a
Potion of Water.  


a wave over open floor
----------------------
This is a deep water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 18
and below.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this
 feature making your equipment heavier.  This feature lets monsters that
can fly, swim and bore through walls pass through without impediment
 provided they resist and hides monsters that can swim and survive without
breathing.  You can drop objects here but they will disappear from view.  
You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  Whilst in this
 feature you take 4d6 damage continuously.  You can freeze it to make it 
ice and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can use it to fill
a bottle or flask to get a Potion of Water.  


water over open floor
---------------------
This is a shallow water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level
18 and below.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this feature making your equipment slightly heavier.  This feature hides
monsters that can sneak, swim and survive without breathing.  You can drop
objects here but they will disappear from view.  You will remember this
 feature on your overhead map.  You can freeze it to make it ice and
expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can use it to fill a bottle
or flask to get a Potion of Water.  


water over sand
---------------
This is a shallow water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level
18 and below as a 'river' of terrain.  You can see, cast spells, fire
missiles, walk and run through this feature making your equipment slightly
 heavier.  This feature hides monsters that can sneak, swim and survive
without breathing.  You can drop objects here but they will disappear from
view.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You can flood
 it to make it the crest of a wave over sand and potentially harm monsters
.  You can use it to fill a bottle or flask to get a Potion of Water.  


water over sand
---------------
This is a shallow water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level
18 and below.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this feature making your equipment slightly heavier.  This feature hides
monsters that can sneak, swim and survive without breathing.  You can drop
objects here but they will disappear from view.  You will remember this
 feature on your overhead map.  You can use it to fill a bottle or flask
to get a Potion of Water.  


the crest of a wave over sand
-----------------------------
This is a deep water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 18
and below.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and climb through this
 feature taking an extra turn to enter the grid and making your equipment
 heavier.  This feature lets monsters that can fly, swim and bore through
walls pass through without impediment provided they resist.  You can drop
objects here but they will disappear from view.  You will remember this
 feature on your overhead map.  You can get stuck inside this feature
 should it appear around you.  Whilst in this feature you take 4d6 damage
 continuously.  You can poison it to no effect.  You can flood it to no
effect.  You can use it to fill a bottle or flask to get a Potion of Water
.  


a wave over sand
----------------
This is a deep water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 18
and below.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this
 feature making your equipment heavier.  This feature lets monsters that
can fly, swim and bore through walls pass through without impediment
 provided they resist and hides monsters that can swim and survive without
breathing.  You can drop objects here but they will disappear from view.  
You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  Whilst in this
 feature you take 4d6 damage continuously.  You can use it to fill a
bottle or flask to get a Potion of Water.  


water over sand
---------------
This is a shallow water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level
18 and below.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this feature making your equipment slightly heavier.  This feature hides
monsters that can sneak, swim and survive without breathing.  You can drop
objects here but they will disappear from view.  You will remember this
 feature on your overhead map.  You can use it to fill a bottle or flask
to get a Potion of Water.  


water through an open door
--------------------------
This is a shallow water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level
18 and below as a 'river' of terrain.  You can see, cast spells, fire
missiles, walk and run through this feature making your equipment slightly
 heavier.  This feature hides monsters that can sneak, swim and survive
without breathing.  You can drop objects here but they will disappear from
view.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You can close
 it to no effect.  You can freeze it to make it ice and expose the
surrounding grids to daylight.  You can flood it to make it the crest of a
wave through an open door and potentially harm monsters.  You can use it to
 fill a bottle or flask to get a Potion of Water.  


a wave breaking through an open door
------------------------------------
This is a deep water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 18
and below.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this
 feature making your equipment heavier.  This feature lets monsters that
can fly, swim and bore through walls pass through without impediment
 provided they resist and hides monsters that can swim and survive without
breathing.  You can drop objects here but they will disappear from view.  
You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  Whilst in this
 feature you take 4d6 damage continuously.  You can close it to no effect.
You can freeze it to make it ice and expose the surrounding grids to
daylight.  You can use it to fill a bottle or flask to get a Potion of
Water.  


water through an open door
--------------------------
This is a shallow water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level
18 and below.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this feature making your equipment slightly heavier.  This feature hides
monsters that can sneak, swim and survive without breathing.  You can drop
objects here but they will disappear from view.  You will remember this
 feature on your overhead map.  You can close it to no effect.  You can 
freeze it to make it ice and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  
You can use it to fill a bottle or flask to get a Potion of Water.  


the crest of a wave through an open door
----------------------------------------
This is a deep water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 18
and below.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and climb through this
 feature taking an extra turn to enter the grid and making your equipment
 heavier.  This feature lets monsters that can fly, swim and bore through
walls pass through without impediment provided they resist.  You can drop
objects here but they will disappear from view.  You will remember this
 feature on your overhead map.  You can get stuck inside this feature
 should it appear around you.  Whilst in this feature you take 4d6 damage
 continuously.  You can close it to no effect.  You can freeze it to make
it ice and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can poison it to
 no effect.  You can flood it to no effect.  You can use it to fill a
bottle or flask to get a Potion of Water.  


a wave through an open door
---------------------------
This is a deep water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 18
and below.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this
 feature making your equipment heavier.  This feature lets monsters that
can fly, swim and bore through walls pass through without impediment
 provided they resist and hides monsters that can swim and survive without
breathing.  You can drop objects here but they will disappear from view.  
You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  Whilst in this
 feature you take 4d6 damage continuously.  You can close it to no effect.
You can freeze it to make it ice and expose the surrounding grids to
daylight.  You can use it to fill a bottle or flask to get a Potion of
Water.  


water through an open door
--------------------------
This is a shallow water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level
18 and below.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this feature making your equipment slightly heavier.  This feature hides
monsters that can sneak, swim and survive without breathing.  You can drop
objects here but they will disappear from view.  You will remember this
 feature on your overhead map.  You can close it to no effect.  You can 
freeze it to make it ice and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  
You can use it to fill a bottle or flask to get a Potion of Water.  


water
-----
This is a shallow water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level
18 and below.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this feature making your equipment slightly heavier.  This feature hides
monsters that can sneak, swim and survive without breathing.  You can drop
objects here but they will disappear from view.  You will remember this
 feature on your overhead map.  You can freeze it to make it ice and
expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can use it to fill a bottle
or flask to get a Potion of Water.  


shady water
-----------
This is a shallow water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level
18 and below.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this feature making your equipment slightly heavier.  This feature hides
monsters that can sneak, swim and survive without breathing.  You can drop
objects here but they will disappear from view.  You will remember this
 feature on your overhead map.  You can freeze it to make it ice and
expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can use it to fill a bottle
or flask to get a Potion of Water.  


quicksand
---------
This is a deep water feature that rarely appears on dungeon level 20 and
below as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this feature taking an extra turn to leave the grid and
 making your equipment heavier but it blocks monsters that must swim.  
This feature lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist and hides monsters that
can dig.  You can drop objects here but they will disappear from view.  
You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  Whilst in this
 feature you take 4d6 damage continuously.  You can freeze it to make it 
sand and hide the surrounding grids from the sun.  


a wave breaking over sand
-------------------------
This is a deep feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 22 and
below.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this
 feature making your equipment heavier.  This feature lets monsters that
can fly, swim and bore through walls pass through without impediment
 provided they resist and hides monsters that can dig.  You can drop
objects here.  Whilst in this feature you take 4d6 damage continuously.  
You can disturb it to make it deep sandy trail.  


clear deep water
----------------
This is a deep water feature that rarely appears on dungeon level 22 and
below as a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'river' of terrain.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this feature taking an extra
turn to leave the grid and making your equipment heavier.  This feature
 lets monsters that can fly, swim and bore through walls pass through
 without impediment provided they resist.  You can drop objects here but
they will disappear from view.  You will remember this feature on your
overhead map.  Whilst in this feature you take 4d6 damage continuously.  
You can freeze it to make it deep water under ice.  You can poison it to
 make it deep poisonous water.  You can flood it to make it the crest of a
wave over deep water.  You can use it to make it deep water and fill a
bottle or flask to get a Potion of Water.  


clear water
-----------
This is a shallow water feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 27
and below as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles
 and walk through this feature making your equipment slightly heavier.  
You can drop objects here.  You will remember this feature on your
overhead map.  You can freeze it to make it hidden deep water under ice
 and potentially harm monsters.  You can flood it to make it poisonous
water.  You can use it to fill a bottle or flask to get a Potion of Water.



a wave breaking over a stone bridge
-----------------------------------
This is a deep water feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 27 and
below.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this
 feature making your equipment heavier.  This feature lets monsters that
can fly, swim, climb and bore through walls pass through without impediment
 provided they resist and hides monsters that can swim and survive without
breathing.  You can drop objects here.  You will remember this feature on
your overhead map.  Whilst in this feature you take 4d6 damage
 continuously.  You can freeze it to make it deep water under ice under a
stone bridge.  You can poison it to make it a poisonous wave breaking over
a stone bridge.  You can use it to fill a bottle or flask to get a Potion
of Water.  


a poisonous wave breaking over a stone bridge
---------------------------------------------
This is a deep water feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 27 and
below.  You can cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this feature
 making your equipment heavier but it blocks line of sight.  This feature
 lets monsters that can fly, swim, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist and hides monsters that
can swim and survive without breathing.  You can drop objects here.  You
will remember this feature on your overhead map.  Whilst in this feature
 you take 2d6 damage continuously.  You can freeze it to make it deep
water under ice under a stone bridge.  You can use it to fill a bottle or
flask to get a Potion of Poison.  


a wave breaking over a stone bridge
-----------------------------------
This is a deep water feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 27 and
below.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this
 feature making your equipment heavier.  This feature lets monsters that
can fly, swim, climb and bore through walls pass through without impediment
 provided they resist and hides monsters that can swim and survive without
breathing.  You can drop objects here.  You will remember this feature on
your overhead map.  Whilst in this feature you take 4d6 damage
 continuously.  You can freeze it to make it deep water under ice under a
stone bridge.  You can use it to make it a poisonous wave breaking over a
stone bridge and fill a bottle or flask to get a Potion of Water.  


deep water
----------
This is a deep water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 27
and below as a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'river' of terrain.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this feature taking an extra
turn to leave the grid and making your equipment heavier.  This feature
 lets monsters that can fly, swim and bore through walls pass through
 without impediment provided they resist and hides monsters that can swim
 and survive without breathing.  You can drop objects here but they will
disappear from view.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.
Whilst in this feature you take 4d6 damage continuously.  You can freeze
 it to make it deep water under ice.  You can poison it to make it deep
poisonous water.  You can flood it to make it the crest of a wave over
deep water.  You can use it to fill a bottle or flask to get a Potion of
Water.  


the crest of a wave over deep water
-----------------------------------
This is a water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 27 and
below.  You can see and climb through this feature taking an extra turn to 
enter the grid and making your equipment significantly heavier but it
 blocks casting spells and firing missiles.  This feature lets monsters
that can fly, swim and bore through walls pass through without impediment
 provided they resist.  You can drop objects here but they will disappear
from view.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You can
get stuck inside this feature should it appear around you.  You can't
breath in this.  Whilst in this feature you take 4d6 damage continuously.  
You can freeze it to make it deep water under ice.  You can poison it to
 make it the crest of a wave over deep poisonous water.  You can use it to
 fill a bottle or flask to get a Potion of Water.  


a wave over deep water
----------------------
This is a water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 27 and
below.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this
 feature making your equipment significantly heavier.  This feature lets
monsters that can fly, swim and bore through walls pass through without
impediment provided they resist and hides monsters that can swim and 
survive without breathing.  You can drop objects here but they will
disappear from view.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.
You can't breath in this.  Whilst in this feature you take 4d6 damage
 continuously.  You can freeze it to make it deep water under ice.  You
 can poison it to make it a wave over deep poisonous water.  You can use
 it to fill a bottle or flask to get a Potion of Water.  


deep rough water
----------------
This is a deep water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 27
and below.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this
 feature taking an extra turn to leave the grid and making your equipment
 heavier.  This feature lets monsters that can fly, swim and bore through
walls pass through without impediment provided they resist and hides
monsters that can swim and survive without breathing.  You can drop
objects here but they will disappear from view.  You will remember this
 feature on your overhead map.  Whilst in this feature you take 4d6 damage
 continuously.  You can freeze it to make it deep water under ice.  You
 can poison it to make it deep poisonous rough water.  You can use it to 
fill a bottle or flask to get a Potion of Water.  


the crest of a wave over deep poisonous water
---------------------------------------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 27 and below.
You can see and climb through this feature taking an extra turn to enter 
the grid and making your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks 
casting spells and firing missiles.  This feature lets monsters that can 
fly, swim and bore through walls pass through without impediment provided
they resist.  You can drop objects here but they will disappear from view.
You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You can get stuck
inside this feature should it appear around you.  You can't breath in
this.  Whilst in this feature you take 4d6 damage continuously.  You can 
freeze it to make it deep water under ice.  You can use it to fill a
bottle or flask to get a Potion of Poison.  


a wave over deep poisonous water
--------------------------------
This is a water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 27 and
below.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this
 feature making your equipment significantly heavier.  This feature lets
monsters that can fly, swim and bore through walls pass through without
impediment provided they resist and hides monsters that can swim and 
survive without breathing.  You can drop objects here but they will
disappear from view.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.
You can't breath in this.  Whilst in this feature you take 4d6 damage
 continuously.  You can freeze it to make it deep water under ice.  You
 can use it to fill a bottle or flask to get a Potion of Poison.  


deep poisonous rough water
--------------------------
This is a deep water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 27
and below.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this
 feature taking an extra turn to leave the grid and making your equipment
 heavier.  This feature lets monsters that can fly, swim and bore through
walls pass through without impediment provided they resist and hides
monsters that can swim and survive without breathing.  You can drop
objects here but they will disappear from view.  You will remember this
 feature on your overhead map.  Whilst in this feature you take 4d6 damage
 continuously.  You can freeze it to make it deep water under ice.  You
 can use it to fill a bottle or flask to get a Potion of Poison.  


quicksand
---------
This is a deep water feature that rarely appears on dungeon level 30 and
below as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this feature taking an extra turn to leave the grid and
 making your equipment heavier but it blocks monsters that must swim.  
This feature lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist and hides monsters that
can dig.  You can drop objects here but they will disappear from view.  
Whilst in this feature you take 4d6 damage continuously.  You can search
 it to find quicksand.  You can freeze it to make it deep sand.  


poisonous water
---------------
This is a shallow water feature that rarely appears on dungeon level 37
and below as a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'river' of terrain.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this feature making your
equipment slightly heavier.  This feature hides monsters that can sneak, 
swim and survive without breathing.  You can drop objects here but they
will disappear from view.  You will remember this feature on your overhead
map.  You can freeze it to make it ice.  You can flood it to make it the
crest of a wave over poisonous water and potentially harm monsters.  You
 can use it to fill a bottle or flask to get a Potion of Poison.  


a wave breaking over sand
-------------------------
This is a deep water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 38
and below.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this
 feature making your equipment heavier.  This feature lets monsters that
can fly, swim and bore through walls pass through without impediment
 provided they resist and hides monsters that can swim and survive without
breathing.  You can drop objects here but they will disappear from view.  
You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  Whilst in this
 feature you take 4d6 damage continuously.  You can use it to fill a
bottle or flask to get a Potion of Water.  


falling water
-------------
This is a deep water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 41
and below as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can walk through this feature
 making your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks monsters that 
must fly, line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This feature
 lets monsters that can swim and bore through walls pass through without
impediment provided they resist and hides monsters that can swim and 
survive without breathing.  You can drop objects here but they will
disappear from view.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.
You can't breath in this.  Whilst in this feature you take 4d6 damage
 continuously.  You can freeze it to make it ice fall.  You can use it to 
fill a bottle or flask to get a Potion of Water.  


falling water
-------------
This is a deep water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 41
and below as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can walk through this feature
 making your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks monsters that 
must fly, line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This feature
 lets monsters that can swim and bore through walls pass through without
impediment provided they resist and hides monsters that can swim and 
survive without breathing.  You can drop objects here but they will
disappear from view.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.
You can't breath in this.  Whilst in this feature you take 4d6 damage
 continuously.  You can freeze it to make it ice fall.  You can use it to
 make it falling water and fill a bottle or flask to get a Potion of Water
.  


erupting water spout
--------------------
This is a deep water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 41
and below as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can walk through this feature
 making your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks monsters that 
must fly, line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This feature
 lets monsters that can swim and bore through walls pass through without
impediment provided they resist and hides monsters that can swim and 
survive without breathing.  You can drop objects here but they will
disappear from view.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.
You stop running next to this feature.  You can't breath in this.  Whilst
in this feature you take 4d6 damage continuously.  You can freeze it to
 make it ice fall.  You can use it to fill a bottle or flask to get a
Potion of Water.  


hidden deep water
-----------------
This is a deep water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 45
and below as a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'river' of terrain.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this feature taking an extra
turn to leave the grid and making your equipment heavier.  This feature
 lets monsters that can fly, swim and bore through walls pass through
 without impediment provided they resist and hides monsters that can swim
 and survive without breathing.  You can drop objects here but they will
disappear from view.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.
Whilst in this feature you take 4d6 damage continuously.  You can search
 it to find deep water.  You can freeze it to make it hidden deep water
under ice.  You can poison it to make it hidden deep poisonous water.  You
 can flood it to make it the crest of a wave over hidden deep water.  You
 can use it to fill a bottle or flask to get a Potion of Water.  


the crest of a wave over hidden deep water
------------------------------------------
This is a water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 45 and
below.  You can see and climb through this feature taking an extra turn to 
enter the grid and making your equipment significantly heavier but it
 blocks casting spells and firing missiles.  This feature lets monsters
that can fly, swim and bore through walls pass through without impediment
 provided they resist.  You can drop objects here but they will disappear
from view.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You can
get stuck inside this feature should it appear around you.  You can't
breath in this.  Whilst in this feature you take 4d6 damage continuously.  
You can search it to find the crest of a wave over deep water.  You can 
freeze it to make it hidden deep water under ice.  You can poison it to
 make it the crest of a wave over deep poisonous water.  You can use it to
 fill a bottle or flask to get a Potion of Water.  


a wave over deep water
----------------------
This is a water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 45 and
below.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this
 feature making your equipment significantly heavier.  This feature lets
monsters that can fly, swim and bore through walls pass through without
impediment provided they resist and hides monsters that can swim and 
survive without breathing.  You can drop objects here but they will
disappear from view.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.
You can't breath in this.  Whilst in this feature you take 4d6 damage
 continuously.  You can search it to find a wave over deep water.  You can 
freeze it to make it hidden deep water under ice.  You can poison it to
 make it a wave over deep poisonous water.  You can use it to fill a
bottle or flask to get a Potion of Water.  


hidden deep rough water
-----------------------
This is a deep water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 45
and below.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this
 feature taking an extra turn to leave the grid and making your equipment
 heavier.  This feature lets monsters that can fly, swim and bore through
walls pass through without impediment provided they resist and hides
monsters that can swim and survive without breathing.  You can drop
objects here but they will disappear from view.  You will remember this
 feature on your overhead map.  Whilst in this feature you take 4d6 damage
 continuously.  You can search it to find deep rough water.  You can 
freeze it to make it hidden deep water under ice.  You can poison it to
 make it hidden deep poisonous rough water.  You can use it to fill a
bottle or flask to get a Potion of Water.  


the crest of a wave over deep poisonous water
---------------------------------------------
This is a water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 45 and
below.  You can see and climb through this feature taking an extra turn to 
enter the grid and making your equipment significantly heavier but it
 blocks casting spells and firing missiles.  This feature lets monsters
that can fly, swim and bore through walls pass through without impediment
 provided they resist.  You can drop objects here but they will disappear
from view.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You can
get stuck inside this feature should it appear around you.  You can't
breath in this.  Whilst in this feature you take 4d6 damage continuously.  
You can search it to find the crest of a wave over deep poisonous water.  
You can freeze it to make it hidden deep water under ice.  You can use it
to fill a bottle or flask to get a Potion of Poison.  


a wave over deep poisonous water
--------------------------------
This is a water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 45 and
below.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this
 feature making your equipment significantly heavier.  This feature lets
monsters that can fly, swim and bore through walls pass through without
impediment provided they resist and hides monsters that can swim and 
survive without breathing.  You can drop objects here but they will
disappear from view.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.
You can't breath in this.  Whilst in this feature you take 4d6 damage
 continuously.  You can search it to find a wave over deep poisonous water
.  You can freeze it to make it hidden deep water under ice.  You can use
 it to fill a bottle or flask to get a Potion of Poison.  


hidden deep poisonous rough water
---------------------------------
This is a deep water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 45
and below.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this
 feature taking an extra turn to leave the grid and making your equipment
 heavier.  This feature lets monsters that can fly, swim and bore through
walls pass through without impediment provided they resist and hides
monsters that can swim and survive without breathing.  You can drop
objects here but they will disappear from view.  You will remember this
 feature on your overhead map.  Whilst in this feature you take 4d6 damage
 continuously.  You can search it to find deep poisonous rough water.  You
 can freeze it to make it hidden deep water under ice.  You can use it to 
fill a bottle or flask to get a Potion of Poison.  


hidden deep poisonous water
---------------------------
This is a deep water feature that rarely appears on dungeon level 46 and
below as a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'river' of terrain.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this feature taking an extra
turn to leave the grid and making your equipment heavier.  This feature
 lets monsters that can fly, swim and bore through walls pass through
 without impediment provided they resist and hides monsters that can swim
 and survive without breathing.  You can drop objects here but they will
disappear from view.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.
Whilst in this feature you take 4d6 damage continuously.  You can search
 it to find deep poisonous water.  You can freeze it to make it hidden
deep water under ice.  You can flood it to make it the crest of a wave
over deep poisonous water.  You can use it to fill a bottle or flask to
get a Potion of Poison.  


the crest of a wave over salt water
-----------------------------------
This is a deep water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 47
and below.  You can see and climb through this feature taking an extra
turn to enter the grid and making your equipment heavier but it blocks 
casting spells and firing missiles.  This feature lets monsters that can 
fly, swim and bore through walls pass through without impediment provided
they resist.  You can drop objects here but they will disappear from view.
You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You can get stuck
inside this feature should it appear around you.  Whilst in this feature
 you take 4d6 damage continuously.  You can use it to fill a bottle or
flask to get a Potion of Salt Water.  


a wave over salt water
----------------------
This is a deep water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 47
and below.  You can cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this
 feature making your equipment heavier but it blocks line of sight.  This
 feature lets monsters that can fly, swim and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist and hides monsters that
can swim and survive without breathing.  You can drop objects here but
they will disappear from view.  You will remember this feature on your
overhead map.  Whilst in this feature you take 4d6 damage continuously.  
You can use it to fill a bottle or flask to get a Potion of Salt Water.  


rough salt water
----------------
This is a shallow water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level
47 and below.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this feature making your equipment slightly heavier.  This feature lets
monsters that can fly, swim and bore through walls pass through without
impediment provided they resist and hides monsters that can swim and 
survive without breathing.  You can drop objects here but they will
disappear from view.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.
Whilst in this feature you take 4d6 damage continuously.  You can use it to
 fill a bottle or flask to get a Potion of Salt Water.  


salt water
----------
This is a shallow water feature that rarely appears on dungeon level 47
and below as a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'river' of terrain.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this feature making your
equipment slightly heavier.  This feature lets monsters that can fly, swim
 and bore through walls pass through without impediment provided they
resist and hides monsters that can swim and survive without breathing.  
You can drop objects here but they will disappear from view.  You will
remember this feature on your overhead map.  Whilst in this feature you
take 4d6 damage continuously.  You can flood it to make it the crest of a
wave over salt water.  You can use it to fill a bottle or flask to get a
Potion of Salt Water.  


water-filled vent
-----------------
This is a water wall that commonly appears on dungeon level 51 and below.  
You can climb through this wall taking an extra turn to enter and leave 
the grid and making your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks 
line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets
monsters that can ooze and bore through walls pass through without
impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this wall on your
overhead map.  You stop running next to this wall.  You can get stuck
inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  
Whilst in this wall you take 4d6 damage continuously.  You can freeze it to
 make it ice-filled vent.  


water-filled vent
-----------------
This is a water wall that commonly appears on dungeon level 51 and below.  
You can climb through this wall taking an extra turn to enter and leave 
the grid and making your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks 
line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets
monsters that can ooze and bore through walls pass through without
impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this wall on your
overhead map.  You stop running next to this wall.  You can get stuck
inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  
Whilst in this wall you take 4d6 damage continuously.  You can freeze it to
 make it ice-filled vent.  


water-filled vent
-----------------
This is a water wall that commonly appears on dungeon level 51 and below.  
You can climb through this wall taking an extra turn to enter and leave 
the grid and making your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks 
line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets
monsters that can ooze and bore through walls pass through without
impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this wall on your
overhead map.  You stop running next to this wall.  You can get stuck
inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  
Whilst in this wall you take 4d6 damage continuously.  


water-filled valve
------------------
This is a water wall that commonly appears on dungeon level 51 and below.  
You can climb through this wall taking an extra turn to enter and leave 
the grid and making your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks 
line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets
monsters that can ooze and bore through walls pass through without
impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this wall on your
overhead map.  You stop running next to this wall.  You can get stuck
inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  
Whilst in this wall you take 4d6 damage continuously.  You can close it to
 make it closed valve.  


water-filled valve
------------------
This is a water wall that commonly appears on dungeon level 51 and below.  
You can climb through this wall taking an extra turn to enter and leave 
the grid and making your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks 
line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets
monsters that can ooze and bore through walls pass through without
impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this wall on your
overhead map.  You stop running next to this wall.  You can get stuck
inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  
Whilst in this wall you take 4d6 damage continuously.  


water-filled valve
------------------
This is a water wall that commonly appears on dungeon level 51 and below.  
You can climb through this wall taking an extra turn to enter and leave 
the grid and making your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks 
line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets
monsters that can ooze and bore through walls pass through without
impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this wall on your
overhead map.  You stop running next to this wall.  You can get stuck
inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  
Whilst in this wall you take 4d6 damage continuously.  


water-filled vent which erupts water
------------------------------------
This is a water wall that commonly appears on dungeon level 51 and below 
as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can climb through this wall taking an extra
turn to enter and leave the grid and making your equipment significantly
 heavier but it blocks line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  
This wall lets monsters that can ooze and bore through walls pass through
 without impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this wall on
your overhead map.  You stop running next to this wall.  You can get stuck
inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  
Whilst in this wall you take 4d6 damage continuously.  You can freeze it to
 make it ice-filled vent.  


open vent which erupts water
----------------------------
This is a water wall that commonly appears on dungeon level 51 and below 
as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can climb through this wall taking an extra
turn to enter and leave the grid but it blocks line of sight, casting
spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that can ooze and 
bore through walls pass through without impediment.  You will remember this
 wall on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this wall.  You can
get stuck inside this wall should it appear around you.  


deep rough salt water
---------------------
This is a deep feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 54 and
below.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this
 feature taking an extra turn to leave the grid and making your equipment
 heavier.  This feature lets monsters that can fly, swim and bore through
walls pass through without impediment provided they resist and hides
monsters that can swim and survive without breathing.  You can drop
objects here but they will disappear from view.  You will remember this
 feature on your overhead map.  Whilst in this feature you take 4d6 damage
 continuously.  You can use it to fill a bottle or flask to get a Potion
of Salt Water.  


the crest of a wave over deep salt water
----------------------------------------
This is a water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 56 and
below.  You can see and climb through this feature taking an extra turn to 
enter the grid and making your equipment significantly heavier but it
 blocks casting spells and firing missiles.  This feature lets monsters
that can fly, swim and bore through walls pass through without impediment
 provided they resist and hides monsters that can stay still.  You can
drop objects here but they will disappear from view.  You will remember
this feature on your overhead map.  You can get stuck inside this feature
 should it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  Whilst in this
 feature you take 4d6 damage continuously.  You can search it to find the
crest of a wave over deep salt water.  You can use it to fill a bottle or
flask to get a Potion of Salt Water.  


a wave over deep salt water
---------------------------
This is a water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 56 and
below.  You can cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this feature
 making your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks line of sight.  
This feature lets monsters that can fly, swim and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist and hides monsters that
can swim and survive without breathing.  You can drop objects here but
they will disappear from view.  You will remember this feature on your
overhead map.  You can't breath in this.  Whilst in this feature you take
4d6 damage continuously.  You can search it to find a wave over deep salt
water.  You can use it to fill a bottle or flask to get a Potion of Salt
Water.  


hidden deep rough salt water
----------------------------
This is a deep water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 56
and below.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this
 feature taking an extra turn to leave the grid and making your equipment
 heavier.  This feature lets monsters that can fly, swim and bore through
walls pass through without impediment provided they resist and hides
monsters that can swim and survive without breathing.  You can drop
objects here but they will disappear from view.  You will remember this
 feature on your overhead map.  Whilst in this feature you take 4d6 damage
 continuously.  You can search it to find deep rough salt water.  You can 
use it to fill a bottle or flask to get a Potion of Salt Water.  


deep salt water
---------------
This is a deep water feature that rarely appears on dungeon level 56 and
below as a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'river' of terrain.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this feature taking an extra
turn to leave the grid and making your equipment heavier.  This feature
 lets monsters that can fly, swim and bore through walls pass through
 without impediment provided they resist and hides monsters that can swim
 and survive without breathing.  You can drop objects here but they will
disappear from view.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.
Whilst in this feature you take 4d6 damage continuously.  You can search
 it to find deep salt water.  You can flood it to make it the crest of a
wave over deep salt water.  You can use it to fill a bottle or flask to
get a Potion of Salt Water.  


underwater
----------
This is a water ground that occasionally appears on dungeon level 60 and
below as a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'river' of terrain.  You can walk
 through this ground making your equipment significantly heavier but it
 blocks monsters that must fly, line of sight, casting spells and firing
missiles.  This ground lets monsters that can swim, pass through walls and 
bore through walls pass through without impediment provided they resist
 and hides monsters that can swim, survive without breathing and pass
through walls.  You can drop objects here but they will disappear from view
.  You will remember this ground on your overhead map.  You can't breath
in this.  Whilst in this ground you take 4d6 damage continuously.  You can 
search it to find underwater.  You can tunnel it to make it deep water and
expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can freeze it to make it 
deep water under an ice wall.  You can poison it to make it underwater.  
You can use it to make it deep water and expose the surrounding grids to
daylight and fill a bottle or flask to get a Potion of Water.  


underwater
----------
This is a water ground that occasionally appears on dungeon level 60 and
below as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can walk through this ground making
your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks monsters that must fly, 
line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This ground lets
monsters that can swim, pass through walls and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist and hides monsters that
can swim, survive without breathing and pass through walls.  You can drop
objects here but they will disappear from view.  You will remember this
 ground on your overhead map.  You can't breath in this.  Whilst in this
 ground you take 4d6 damage continuously.  You can tunnel it to make it 
deep water and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can freeze
 it to make it deep water under an ice wall.  You can poison it to make it 
underwater.  You can use it to fill a bottle or flask to get a Potion of
Water.  


deep poisonous water
--------------------
This is a deep water feature that rarely appears on dungeon level 64 and
below as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this feature taking an extra turn to leave the grid and
 making your equipment heavier.  This feature lets monsters that can fly, 
swim and bore through walls pass through without impediment provided they
resist and hides monsters that can swim and survive without breathing.  
You can drop objects here but they will disappear from view.  You will
remember this feature on your overhead map.  Whilst in this feature you
take 4d6 damage continuously.  You can freeze it to make it hidden deep
water under ice.  You can flood it to make it the crest of a wave over
deep poisonous water.  You can use it to fill a bottle or flask to get a
Potion of Poison.  


waterfall
---------
This is a deep water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 66
and below as a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'river' of terrain.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this feature taking an extra
turn to leave the grid and making your equipment heavier but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  This feature lets monsters that can fly and bore
through walls pass through without impediment provided they resist and
 hides monsters that can swim and survive without breathing.  You will
remember this feature on your overhead map.  Whilst in this feature you
take 10d6 damage continuously.  


the crest of a wave over deep salt water
----------------------------------------
This is a water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 74 and
below.  You can see and climb through this feature taking an extra turn to 
enter the grid and making your equipment significantly heavier but it
 blocks casting spells and firing missiles.  This feature lets monsters
that can fly, swim and bore through walls pass through without impediment
 provided they resist.  You can drop objects here but they will disappear
from view.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You can
get stuck inside this feature should it appear around you.  You can't
breath in this.  Whilst in this feature you take 4d6 damage continuously.  
You can use it to fill a bottle or flask to get a Potion of Salt Water.  


a wave over deep salt water
---------------------------
This is a water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 74 and
below.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this
 feature making your equipment significantly heavier.  This feature lets
monsters that can fly, swim and bore through walls pass through without
impediment provided they resist and hides monsters that can swim and 
survive without breathing.  You can drop objects here but they will
disappear from view.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.
You can't breath in this.  Whilst in this feature you take 4d6 damage
 continuously.  You can use it to fill a bottle or flask to get a Potion
of Salt Water.  


deep salt water
---------------
This is a deep water feature that rarely appears on dungeon level 74 and
below.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this
 feature taking an extra turn to leave the grid and making your equipment
 heavier.  This feature lets monsters that can fly, swim and bore through
walls pass through without impediment provided they resist and hides
monsters that can swim and survive without breathing.  You can drop
objects here but they will disappear from view.  You will remember this
 feature on your overhead map.  Whilst in this feature you take 4d6 damage
 continuously.  You can flood it to make it the crest of a wave over deep
salt water.  You can use it to fill a bottle or flask to get a Potion of
Salt Water.  


underwater
----------
This is a water ground that rarely appears on dungeon level 79 and below 
as a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'river' of terrain.  You can walk through
 this ground making your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks 
monsters that must fly, line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.
This ground lets monsters that can swim, pass through walls and bore
through walls pass through without impediment provided they resist and
 hides monsters that can swim, survive without breathing and pass through
walls.  You can drop objects here but they will disappear from view.  You
will remember this ground on your overhead map.  You can't breath in this.
Whilst in this ground you take 4d6 damage continuously.  You can search it
to find underwater.  You can tunnel it to make it deep poisonous water and
expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can freeze it to make it 
deep water under an ice wall.  You can use it to make it deep poisonous
water and expose the surrounding grids to daylight and fill a bottle or
flask to get a Potion of Poison.  


underwater
----------
This is a water ground that rarely appears on dungeon level 79 and below 
as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can walk through this ground making your
equipment significantly heavier but it blocks monsters that must fly, line
of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This ground lets monsters
that can swim, pass through walls and bore through walls pass through
 without impediment provided they resist and hides monsters that can swim, 
survive without breathing and pass through walls.  You can drop objects
here but they will disappear from view.  You will remember this ground on
your overhead map.  You can't breath in this.  Whilst in this ground you
take 4d6 damage continuously.  You can tunnel it to make it deep poisonous
water and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can freeze it to
 make it deep water under an ice wall.  You can use it to fill a bottle or
flask to get a Potion of Poison.  


undersea
--------
This is a water ground that rarely appears on dungeon level 89 and below 
as a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'river' of terrain.  You can walk through
 this ground making your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks 
monsters that must fly, line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.
This ground lets monsters that can swim, pass through walls and bore
through walls pass through without impediment provided they resist and
 hides monsters that can swim, survive without breathing and pass through
walls.  You can drop objects here but they will disappear from view.  You
will remember this ground on your overhead map.  You can't breath in this.
Whilst in this ground you take 4d6 damage continuously.  You can search it
to find undersea.  You can tunnel it to make it deep salt water and expose
the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can use it to make it deep salt
water and expose the surrounding grids to daylight and fill a bottle or
flask to get a Potion of Salt Water.  


undersea
--------
This is a water feature that rarely appears on dungeon level 89 and below 
as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can walk through this feature making your
equipment significantly heavier but it blocks monsters that must fly, line
of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This feature lets monsters
that can swim, pass through walls and bore through walls pass through
 without impediment provided they resist and hides monsters that can swim, 
survive without breathing and pass through walls.  You can drop objects
here but they will disappear from view.  You will remember this feature on
your overhead map.  You can't breath in this.  Whilst in this feature you
take 4d6 damage continuously.  You can use it to fill a bottle or flask to
get a Potion of Salt Water.  




Lava
----

geothermal floor under an ice wall
----------------------------------
This is a lava icy wall that commonly appears on dungeon level 30 and below
 as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can see through this wall making your
equipment significantly heavier but it blocks you from moving through it
 and monsters that climb, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall
 lets monsters that can pass through walls and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist and hides monsters that
can pass through walls.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.
You can get stuck inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't
breath in this.  You can tunnel it to take 4d4 damage and make it 
geothermal floor.  You can stumble on it to take 4d4 damage and make it 
geothermal floor.  You can magically destroy it to make it water under a
cracked ice wall.  


cracked ice wall over a geothermal floor
----------------------------------------
This is a lava icy wall that occasionally appears on dungeon level 50 and
below as a 'lake' of terrain.  This  wall blocks you from moving through it
 and monsters that climb, line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles
.  This wall lets monsters that can ooze, pass through walls and bore
through walls pass through without impediment provided they resist and
 hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You will remember this wall
 on your overhead map.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it
appear around you.  You can search it to find cracked ice wall over a
geothermal floor.  You can tunnel it to take 4d4 damage and make it 
geothermal floor.  You can stumble on it to take 4d4 damage and make it 
geothermal floor.  


open vent which erupts boiling water
------------------------------------
This is a boiling water wall that commonly appears on dungeon level 51 and
below as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can climb through this wall taking an
extra turn to enter and leave the grid but it blocks line of sight, 
casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that can ooze
 and bore through walls pass through without impediment.  You will
remember this wall on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this
 wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it appear around you.  


cracked ice wall over a geothermal floor
----------------------------------------
This is a lava icy wall that occasionally appears on dungeon level 54 and
below.  This  wall blocks you from moving through it and monsters that 
climb, line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets
monsters that can ooze, pass through walls and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist and hides monsters that
can pass through walls.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.
You can get stuck inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can 
tunnel it to take 2d4 damage and make it geothermal floor.  You can 
stumble on it to take 2d4 damage and make it geothermal floor.  


boiling mud
-----------
This is a deep boiling mud water feature that commonly appears on dungeon
level 60 and below as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can see, cast spells, fire
missiles and walk through this feature taking an extra turn to leave the
grid and making your equipment heavier but it blocks monsters that must
swim.  This feature lets monsters that can fly, dig, ooze and bore through
walls pass through without impediment provided they resist and hides
monsters that can dig.  You can drop objects here but they will disappear
from view.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  Whilst
in this feature you take 6d6 damage continuously.  


steam-filled vent which erupts boiling water
--------------------------------------------
This is a boiling water wall that rarely appears on dungeon level 60 and
below as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can climb through this wall taking an
extra turn to enter and leave the grid and making your equipment
 significantly heavier but it blocks line of sight, casting spells and 
firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that can ooze and bore through
walls pass through without impediment provided they resist.  You will
remember this wall on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this
 wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it appear around you.  
You can't breath in this.  Whilst in this wall you take 4d6 damage
 continuously.  


deep lava under geothermal ground
---------------------------------
This is a lava feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 72 and
below as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
lie underneath from surfacing without bashing through and must swim.  This
 feature lets monsters that can fly and bore through walls pass through
 without impediment provided they resist.  You can drop objects here but
they will disappear from view.  You will remember this feature on your
overhead map.  Whilst in this feature you take 24d10 damage continuously.  
You can bash it to make it lava and light up the surrounding grids.  You
 can bash it to make it lava and light up the surrounding grids.  You can 
magically destroy it to make it lava and light up the surrounding grids.  
You can boil or steam it to make it steam over geothermal ground.  


steam over geothermal ground
----------------------------
This is a lava feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 72 and
below as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that must
swim and line of sight.  This feature lets monsters that can fly and bore
through walls pass through without impediment provided they resist.  You
can drop objects here but they will disappear from view.  You will
remember this feature on your overhead map.  Whilst in this feature you
take 1d3 damage continuously.  You can bash it to make it lava and light
up the surrounding grids.  You can bash it to make it lava and light up
the surrounding grids.  You can magically destroy it to make it lava and
light up the surrounding grids.  


lava which erupts lava
----------------------
This is a shallow glowing lava feature that commonly appears on dungeon
level 80 and below as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can see, cast spells, fire
missiles and walk through this feature making your equipment slightly
 heavier but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This feature lets
monsters that can fly and bore through walls pass through without
impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this feature on your
overhead map.  You stop running next to this feature.  Whilst in this
 feature you take 12d10 damage continuously.  


steam over boiling water
------------------------
This is a deep boiling water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon
level 81 and below as a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'river' of terrain.  You
 can cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this feature taking an
extra turn to leave the grid and making your equipment heavier but it
 blocks line of sight.  This feature lets monsters that can fly, swim and 
bore through walls pass through without impediment provided they resist.  
You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop running
next to this feature.  Whilst in this feature you take 3d6 damage
 continuously.  You can search it to find steam over boiling water.  


steam over boiling water
------------------------
This is a deep boiling water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon
level 81 and below as a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'river' of terrain.  You
 can cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this feature taking an
extra turn to leave the grid and making your equipment heavier but it
 blocks line of sight.  This feature lets monsters that can fly, swim and 
bore through walls pass through without impediment provided they resist
 and hides monsters that can swim and survive without breathing.  You will
remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this
 feature.  Whilst in this feature you take 3d6 damage continuously.  


boiling water
-------------
This is a deep boiling water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon
level 81 and below as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can see, cast spells, fire
missiles and walk through this feature taking an extra turn to leave the
grid and making your equipment heavier.  This feature lets monsters that
can fly, swim and bore through walls pass through without impediment
 provided they resist and hides monsters that can swim and survive without
breathing.  You can drop objects here but they will disappear from view.  
You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  Whilst in this
 feature you take 6d6 damage continuously.  You can flood it to no effect.
You can boil or steam it to make it steam over boiling water.  


falling boiling water
---------------------
This is a deep boiling water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon
level 82 and below as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can walk through this
 feature making your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks 
monsters that must fly, must swim, line of sight, casting spells and 
firing missiles.  This feature lets monsters that can bore through walls
 pass through without impediment provided they resist and hides monsters
that can swim and survive without breathing.  You can drop objects here
 but they will disappear from view.  You will remember this feature on
your overhead map.  You can't breath in this.  Whilst in this feature you
take 6d6 damage continuously.  


falling boiling water
---------------------
This is a deep glowing boiling water feature that occasionally appears on
dungeon level 82 and below as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can walk through
 this feature making your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks 
monsters that must fly, must swim, line of sight, casting spells and 
firing missiles.  This feature lets monsters that can bore through walls
 pass through without impediment provided they resist and hides monsters
that can swim and survive without breathing.  You can drop objects here
 but they will disappear from view.  You will remember this feature on
your overhead map.  You can't breath in this.  Whilst in this feature you
take 6d6 damage continuously.  


erupting boiling geyser
-----------------------
This is a deep glowing boiling water feature that occasionally appears on
dungeon level 82 and below as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can walk through
 this feature making your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks 
monsters that must fly, must swim, line of sight, casting spells and 
firing missiles.  This feature lets monsters that can bore through walls
 pass through without impediment provided they resist and hides monsters
that can swim and survive without breathing.  You can drop objects here
 but they will disappear from view.  You will remember this feature on
your overhead map.  You stop running next to this feature.  You can't
breath in this.  Whilst in this feature you take 6d6 damage continuously.  



lava
----
This is a shallow glowing lava feature that commonly appears on dungeon
level 84 and below as a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'river' of terrain.  You
 can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this feature making
your equipment slightly heavier but it blocks monsters that must swim.  
This feature lets monsters that can fly and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this
 feature on your overhead map.  Whilst in this feature you take 12d10
damage continuously.  You can flood it to make it broken magma crust and
darken the surrounding grids and hide the surrounding grids from the sun.  



lava fall
---------
This is a deep glowing lava feature that occasionally appears on dungeon
level 84 and below as a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'river' of terrain.  You
 can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this feature taking
an extra turn to leave the grid and making your equipment heavier but it
 blocks monsters that must swim.  This feature lets monsters that can fly
 and bore through walls pass through without impediment provided they
resist.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  Whilst in
this feature you take 24d10 damage continuously.  


erupting lava
-------------
This is a deep glowing lava feature that commonly appears on dungeon level
85 and below as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can see, cast spells, fire
missiles and walk through this feature taking an extra turn to leave the
grid and making your equipment heavier but it blocks monsters that must
swim.  This feature lets monsters that can fly and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this
 feature on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this feature.  
Whilst in this feature you take 24d10 damage continuously.  


boiling waterfall
-----------------
This is a deep boiling water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon
level 86 and below as a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'river' of terrain.  You
 can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this feature taking
an extra turn to leave the grid and making your equipment heavier but it
 blocks monsters that must swim.  This feature lets monsters that can fly
 and bore through walls pass through without impediment provided they
resist and hides monsters that can swim and survive without breathing.  
You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  Whilst in this
 feature you take 10d6 damage continuously.  


deep lava under a broken magma crust
------------------------------------
This is a lava feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 87 and below
.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this feature
 without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This feature
 lets monsters that can fly and bore through walls pass through without
impediment provided they resist.  You can drop objects here but they will
disappear from view.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.
You stop running next to this feature.  Whilst in this feature you take
4d6 damage continuously.  You can bash it to make it deep lava under a
magma crust.  You can bash it to make it deep lava under a magma crust.  
You can burn it to make it deep lava and light up the surrounding grids
 and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can freeze it to make
it deep lava under a magma crust.  You can magically destroy it to make it 
deep lava under a magma crust.  


deep lava under a magma crust
-----------------------------
This is a lava feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 87 and below
 as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that lie
underneath from surfacing without bashing through and must swim.  This
 feature lets monsters that can fly and bore through walls pass through
 without impediment provided they resist.  You can drop objects here but
they will disappear from view.  Whilst in this feature you take 24d10
damage continuously.  You can bash it to no effect.  You can bash it to no
effect.  You can magically destroy it to no effect.  


deep lava
---------
This is a deep glowing lava feature that commonly appears on dungeon level
87 and below as a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'river' of terrain.  You can 
see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this feature taking an
extra turn to leave the grid and making your equipment heavier but it
 blocks monsters that must swim.  This feature lets monsters that can fly
 and bore through walls pass through without impediment provided they
resist.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  Whilst in
this feature you take 24d10 damage continuously.  You can flood it to make
it deep lava under a magma crust and darken the surrounding grids and hide
the surrounding grids from the sun.  


deep lava
---------
This is a deep glowing lava feature that commonly appears on dungeon level
90 and below as a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'river' of terrain.  You can 
see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this feature taking an
extra turn to leave the grid and making your equipment heavier but it
 blocks monsters that must swim.  This feature lets monsters that can fly
 and bore through walls pass through without impediment provided they
resist.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  Whilst in
this feature you take 24d10 damage continuously.  You can flood it to make
it deep lava under a magma crust and darken the surrounding grids and hide
the surrounding grids from the sun.  


broken magma crust which erupts lava
------------------------------------
This is a lava feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 90 and
below as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles, 
run and climb through this feature taking an extra turn to enter the grid.
This feature lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment and hides monsters that can dig.  You can drop
objects here.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You
stop running next to this feature.  You can get stuck inside this feature
 should it appear around you.  You can gather it to find a Rounded Pebble.



falling lava
------------
This is a deep glowing lava feature that commonly appears on dungeon level
91 and below as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can walk through this feature
 making your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks monsters that 
must fly, must swim, line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  
This feature lets monsters that can bore through walls pass through
 without impediment provided they resist and hides monsters that can swim
 and survive without breathing.  You will remember this feature on your
overhead map.  You can't breath in this.  Whilst in this feature you take
24d10 damage continuously.  


falling lava
------------
This is a deep glowing lava feature that commonly appears on dungeon level
91 and below as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can walk through this feature
 making your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks monsters that 
must fly, must swim, line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  
This feature lets monsters that can bore through walls pass through
 without impediment provided they resist and hides monsters that can swim
 and survive without breathing.  You will remember this feature on your
overhead map.  You can't breath in this.  Whilst in this feature you take
24d10 damage continuously.  




Ice
---

snowy trail
-----------
This is a icy feature that commonly appears in both the town and dungeon.  
You can walk and run on this feature and can see, cast spells and fire
missiles through it without impediment but it blocks monsters that must
swim.  This feature hides monsters that can dig.  You can drop objects here
.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You can flood it
to make it mud and potentially harm monsters.  


deep snowy trail
----------------
This is a icy feature that commonly appears in both the town and dungeon.  
You can see, cast spells, fire missiles, walk and run through this feature
 taking an extra turn to leave the grid but it blocks monsters that must
swim.  This feature hides monsters that can dig.  You can drop objects here
.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You can flood it
to make it deep mud and potentially harm monsters.  


shady snowy trail
-----------------
This is a icy feature that commonly appears in both the town and dungeon.  
You can see, cast spells, fire missiles, walk and run through this feature
 without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You can drop
objects here.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You
 can burn it to make it fire and light up the surrounding grids and expose
the surrounding grids to daylight and potentially harm monsters.  You can 
flood it to make it mud and expose the surrounding grids to daylight and
 potentially harm monsters.  You can cut down it to make it tiled floor.  


shady deep snowy trail
----------------------
This is a icy feature that commonly appears in both the town and dungeon.  
You can see, cast spells, fire missiles, walk and run through this feature
 taking an extra turn to leave the grid but it blocks monsters that must
swim.  You can drop objects here.  You will remember this feature on your
overhead map.  You can burn it to make it fire and light up the
surrounding grids and expose the surrounding grids to daylight and
 potentially harm monsters.  You can flood it to make it deep mud and
expose the surrounding grids to daylight and potentially harm monsters.  
You can cut down it to make it deep snowy trail and expose the surrounding
grids to daylight.  


ice
---
This is a icy feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 33 and
below as a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'river' of terrain.  You can walk and 
run on this feature and can see, cast spells and fire missiles through it
 without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You can drop
objects here.  You can burn it to make it water.  


snow
----
This is a shallow icy feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 35
and below as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can walk on this feature making
your equipment slightly heavier and can see, cast spells and fire missiles
 through it without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  
This feature hides monsters that can sneak and dig.  You can drop objects
here but they will disappear from view.  You can disturb it to make it 
snowy trail.  You can flood it to make it mud and potentially harm monsters
.  


snow in the shade
-----------------
This is a icy feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 35 and below 
as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can walk on this feature and can see, cast
spells and fire missiles through it without impediment but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  This feature hides monsters that can sneak.  You
can drop objects here but they will disappear from view.  You can burn it
to make it fire and light up the surrounding grids and expose the
surrounding grids to daylight and potentially harm monsters.  You can 
disturb it to make it shady snowy trail.  You can flood it to make it mud
 and expose the surrounding grids to daylight and potentially harm monsters
.  You can cut down it to make it snow and expose the surrounding grids to
daylight.  


deep water under ice
--------------------
This is a icy water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 36
and below as a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'river' of terrain.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this feature without impediment
 but it blocks monsters that lie underneath from surfacing without bashing
through.  This feature lets monsters that can fly, swim and bore through
walls pass through without impediment provided they resist and hides
monsters that can swim and survive without breathing.  You can drop
objects here.  Whilst in this feature you take 4d6 damage continuously.  
You can bash it to make it deep water.  You can bash it to make it deep
water.  You can burn it to make it hidden deep water.  You can magically
destroy it to make it deep water.  You can gather it to make it deep water
.  


hidden deep water under ice
---------------------------
This is a icy water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 36
and below as a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'river' of terrain.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles, walk and run through this feature without
impediment but it blocks monsters that lie underneath from surfacing
without bashing through.  This feature lets monsters that can fly, swim
 and bore through walls pass through without impediment provided they
resist and hides monsters that can swim and survive without breathing.  
You can drop objects here.  Whilst in this feature you take 4d6 damage
 continuously.  You can search it to find deep water under ice.  You can 
bash it to make it deep water.  You can bash it to make it deep water.  
You can burn it to make it hidden deep water.  You can magically destroy
 it to make it deep water.  You can gather it to make it deep water.  


ice fall
--------
This is a icy ground that occasionally appears on dungeon level 41 and
below as a 'lake' of terrain.  This  ground blocks you from moving through
it and monsters that pass through walls, climb, line of sight, casting
spells and firing missiles.  This ground lets monsters that can bore
through walls pass through without impediment provided they resist.  You
will remember this ground on your overhead map.  You can get stuck inside
this ground should it appear around you.  You can tunnel it to take 4d4
damage and make it ice.  You can stumble on it to take 4d4 damage and make
it ice.  


deep snow
---------
This is a deep icy ground that commonly appears on dungeon level 45 and
below as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can walk on this ground making your
equipment heavier and can see, cast spells and fire missiles through it
 without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This ground
 hides monsters that can sneak and dig.  You can drop objects here but
they will disappear from view.  You can dig it to make it deep snowy trail
.  You can flood it to make it deep mud and potentially harm monsters.  


deep snow in the shade
----------------------
This is a shallow icy ground that commonly appears on dungeon level 45 and
below as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can walk on this ground making your
equipment slightly heavier and can see, cast spells and fire missiles
 through it without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  
This ground hides monsters that can sneak.  You can drop objects here but
they will disappear from view.  You can tunnel it to make it deep snowy
trail and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can burn it to
 make it fire and light up the surrounding grids and expose the
surrounding grids to daylight and potentially harm monsters.  You can 
flood it to make it deep mud and expose the surrounding grids to daylight
 and potentially harm monsters.  You can cut down it to make it deep snow
 and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  


deep snow
---------
This is a deep icy feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 50 and
below as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can walk on this feature making your
equipment heavier and can see, cast spells and fire missiles through it
 without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This feature
 hides monsters that can sneak and dig.  You can drop objects here but
they will disappear from view.  You can search it to find deep snow.  You
 can flood it to make it deep mud and potentially harm monsters.  


deep snow in the shade
----------------------
This is a shallow icy feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 50
and below as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can walk on this feature making
your equipment slightly heavier and can see, cast spells and fire missiles
 through it without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  
This feature hides monsters that can sneak.  You can drop objects here but
they will disappear from view.  You can search it to find deep snow in the
shade.  You can burn it to make it fire and light up the surrounding grids
 and expose the surrounding grids to daylight and potentially harm monsters
.  You can disturb it to make it shady deep snowy trail.  You can flood it
to make it deep mud and expose the surrounding grids to daylight and
 potentially harm monsters.  You can cut down it to make it deep snow and
expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  


pile of ice rubble
------------------
This is a icy wall that rarely appears on dungeon level 50 and below as a
'lake' of terrain.  You can climb through this wall taking an extra turn
to enter the grid but it blocks line of sight, casting spells and firing
missiles.  This wall lets monsters that can dig, ooze, pass through walls
 and bore through walls pass through without impediment provided they
resist and hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You will remember
this wall on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this wall.  You
can get stuck inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can dig
 it to take 2d4 damage and make it ice.  You can stumble on it to take 2d4
damage and make it ice.  


water under a cracked ice wall
------------------------------
This is a icy ground that occasionally appears on dungeon level 60 and
below as a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'river' of terrain.  You can walk
 through this ground making your equipment significantly heavier but it
 blocks monsters that must fly, line of sight, casting spells and firing
missiles.  This ground lets monsters that can swim, pass through walls and 
bore through walls pass through without impediment provided they resist
 and hides monsters that can swim, survive without breathing and pass
through walls.  You can drop objects here but they will disappear from view
.  You will remember this ground on your overhead map.  You can't breath
in this.  Whilst in this ground you take 4d6 damage continuously.  You can 
search it to find water under a cracked ice wall.  You can tunnel it to
 make it deep water and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  


water under a cracked ice wall
------------------------------
This is a icy ground that occasionally appears on dungeon level 60 and
below as a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'river' of terrain.  You can walk
 through this ground making your equipment significantly heavier but it
 blocks monsters that must fly, line of sight, casting spells and firing
missiles.  This ground lets monsters that can swim, pass through walls and 
bore through walls pass through without impediment provided they resist
 and hides monsters that can swim, survive without breathing and pass
through walls.  You can drop objects here but they will disappear from view
.  You will remember this ground on your overhead map.  You can't breath
in this.  Whilst in this ground you take 4d6 damage continuously.  You can 
tunnel it to make it deep water and expose the surrounding grids to
daylight.  


deep water under an ice wall
----------------------------
This is a icy ground that occasionally appears on dungeon level 60 and
below as a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'river' of terrain.  You can walk
 through this ground making your equipment significantly heavier but it
 blocks monsters that must fly, line of sight, casting spells and firing
missiles.  This ground lets monsters that can swim, pass through walls and 
bore through walls pass through without impediment provided they resist
 and hides monsters that can swim, survive without breathing and pass
through walls.  You can drop objects here but they will disappear from view
.  You will remember this ground on your overhead map.  You can't breath
in this.  You can tunnel it to take 4d4 damage and make it deep water and
expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can stumble on it to take
4d4 damage and make it deep water and expose the surrounding grids to
daylight.  You can magically destroy it to make it water under a cracked
ice wall.  


ice chasm
---------
This is a icy feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 66 and
below as a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'river' of terrain.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this feature taking an extra
turn to leave the grid but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This
 feature lets monsters that can fly and bore through walls pass through
 without impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this feature
 on your overhead map.  Whilst in this feature you take 10d6 damage
 continuously.  You can spike it to make it rope bridge.  


ice
---
This is a icy feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 66 and
below as a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'river' of terrain.  You can walk and 
run on this feature and can see, cast spells and fire missiles through it
 without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  You can drop
objects here.  You can burn it to make it ice chasm and expose the
surrounding grids to daylight and potentially harm monsters.  You can 
magically destroy it to make it ice chasm and expose the surrounding grids
to daylight and potentially harm monsters.  




Acid
----

acid-filled vent
----------------
This is a acid wall that commonly appears on dungeon level 51 and below.  
You can climb through this wall taking an extra turn to enter and leave 
the grid and making your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks 
line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets
monsters that can ooze and bore through walls pass through without
impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this wall on your
overhead map.  You stop running next to this wall.  You can get stuck
inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  
Whilst in this wall you take 4d6 damage continuously.  


acid-filled vent
----------------
This is a acid wall that commonly appears on dungeon level 51 and below.  
You can climb through this wall taking an extra turn to enter and leave 
the grid and making your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks 
line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets
monsters that can ooze and bore through walls pass through without
impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this wall on your
overhead map.  You stop running next to this wall.  You can get stuck
inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  
Whilst in this wall you take 4d6 damage continuously.  


acid-filled vent
----------------
This is a acid wall that commonly appears on dungeon level 51 and below.  
You can climb through this wall taking an extra turn to enter and leave 
the grid and making your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks 
line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets
monsters that can ooze and bore through walls pass through without
impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this wall on your
overhead map.  You stop running next to this wall.  You can get stuck
inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  
Whilst in this wall you take 4d6 damage continuously.  


acid-filled valve
-----------------
This is a acid wall that commonly appears on dungeon level 51 and below.  
You can climb through this wall taking an extra turn to enter and leave 
the grid and making your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks 
line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets
monsters that can ooze and bore through walls pass through without
impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this wall on your
overhead map.  You stop running next to this wall.  You can get stuck
inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  
Whilst in this wall you take 4d6 damage continuously.  You can close it to
 make it closed valve.  


acid-filled valve
-----------------
This is a acid wall that commonly appears on dungeon level 51 and below.  
You can climb through this wall taking an extra turn to enter and leave 
the grid and making your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks 
line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets
monsters that can ooze and bore through walls pass through without
impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this wall on your
overhead map.  You stop running next to this wall.  You can get stuck
inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  
Whilst in this wall you take 4d6 damage continuously.  You can close it to
 no effect.  


acid-filled valve
-----------------
This is a acid wall that commonly appears on dungeon level 51 and below.  
You can climb through this wall taking an extra turn to enter and leave 
the grid and making your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks 
line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets
monsters that can ooze and bore through walls pass through without
impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this wall on your
overhead map.  You stop running next to this wall.  You can get stuck
inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  
Whilst in this wall you take 4d6 damage continuously.  


acid-filled vent which erupts acid
----------------------------------
This is a acid wall that commonly appears on dungeon level 51 and below as
a 'lake' of terrain.  You can climb through this wall taking an extra turn
to enter and leave the grid and making your equipment significantly
 heavier but it blocks line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  
This wall lets monsters that can ooze and bore through walls pass through
 without impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this wall on
your overhead map.  You stop running next to this wall.  You can get stuck
inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  
Whilst in this wall you take 4d6 damage continuously.  


open vent which erupts acid
---------------------------
This is a acid wall that commonly appears on dungeon level 51 and below as
a 'lake' of terrain.  You can climb through this wall taking an extra turn
to enter and leave the grid but it blocks line of sight, casting spells
 and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that can ooze and bore
through walls pass through without impediment.  You will remember this
 wall on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this wall.  You can
get stuck inside this wall should it appear around you.  


acidic vapour
-------------
This is a acid feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 63 and below
.  You can cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this feature
 without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim and line of sight
.  This feature lets monsters that can fly and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist.  You can drop objects here
.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop running
next to this feature.  Whilst in this feature you take 2d4 damage
 continuously.  You can burn it to make it poison gas.  


acid
----
This is a shallow acid feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 65
and below as a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'river' of terrain.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this feature making your
equipment slightly heavier.  This feature lets monsters that can fly, swim
 and bore through walls pass through without impediment provided they
resist and hides monsters that can swim and survive without breathing.  
You can drop objects here but they will disappear from view.  You will
remember this feature on your overhead map.  Whilst in this feature you
take 2d6 damage continuously.  You can melt it to make it acidic vapour
over acid.  You can use it to fill a bottle or flask to get a Flask of Acid
.  


acidic vapour over acid
-----------------------
This is a shallow acid feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 65
and below as a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'river' of terrain.  You can cast
spells, fire missiles and walk through this feature making your equipment
 slightly heavier but it blocks line of sight.  This feature lets monsters
that can fly, swim and bore through walls pass through without impediment
 provided they resist.  You will remember this feature on your overhead
map.  You stop running next to this feature.  Whilst in this feature you
take 4d6 damage continuously.  


acidic vapour over acid
-----------------------
This is a shallow acid feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 65
and below as a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'river' of terrain.  You can cast
spells, fire missiles and walk through this feature making your equipment
 slightly heavier but it blocks line of sight.  This feature lets monsters
that can fly, swim and bore through walls pass through without impediment
 provided they resist.  You will remember this feature on your overhead
map.  You stop running next to this feature.  Whilst in this feature you
take 4d6 damage continuously.  


acidic vapour over a broken floor
---------------------------------
This is a acid feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 66 and
below.  You can cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this feature
 without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim and line of sight
.  This feature lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls
 pass through without impediment provided they resist and hides monsters
that can dig.  You can drop objects here.  You will remember this feature
 on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this feature.  Whilst in
this feature you take 2d4 damage continuously.  You can burn it to make it 
poison gas over broken floor.  You can flood it to make it the crest of a
wave over hidden deep water and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  



deep acid
---------
This is a deep acid feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 68 and
below as a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'river' of terrain.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this feature taking an extra
turn to leave the grid and making your equipment heavier.  This feature
 lets monsters that can fly, swim and bore through walls pass through
 without impediment provided they resist and hides monsters that can swim
 and survive without breathing.  You can drop objects here but they will
disappear from view.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.
Whilst in this feature you take 4d6 damage continuously.  You can melt it
to make it acidic vapour over deep acid.  You can use it to fill a bottle
or flask to get a Flask of Acid.  


acidic vapour over deep acid
----------------------------
This is a deep acid feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 68 and
below as a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'river' of terrain.  You can cast
spells, fire missiles and walk through this feature taking an extra turn
to leave the grid and making your equipment heavier but it blocks line of
sight.  This feature lets monsters that can fly, swim and bore through
walls pass through without impediment provided they resist and hides
monsters that can swim and survive without breathing.  You will remember
this feature on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this feature.
Whilst in this feature you take 4d6 damage continuously.  


deep acid
---------
This is a deep acid feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 71
and below as a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'river' of terrain.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this feature taking an extra
turn to leave the grid and making your equipment heavier.  This feature
 lets monsters that can fly, swim and bore through walls pass through
 without impediment provided they resist and hides monsters that can swim
 and survive without breathing.  You can drop objects here but they will
disappear from view.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.
Whilst in this feature you take 4d6 damage continuously.  You can search
 it to find deep acid.  You can melt it to make it acidic vapour over deep
acid.  You can use it to fill a bottle or flask to get a Flask of Acid.  


acidic vapour over deep acid
----------------------------
This is a deep acid feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 71
and below as a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'river' of terrain.  You can cast
spells, fire missiles and walk through this feature taking an extra turn
to leave the grid and making your equipment heavier but it blocks line of
sight.  This feature lets monsters that can fly, swim and bore through
walls pass through without impediment provided they resist and hides
monsters that can swim and survive without breathing.  You will remember
this feature on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this feature.
Whilst in this feature you take 4d6 damage continuously.  


boiling acid
------------
This is a shallow acid feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level
75 and below as a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'river' of terrain.  You can 
see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this feature making your
equipment slightly heavier.  This feature lets monsters that can fly, swim
 and bore through walls pass through without impediment provided they
resist and hides monsters that can swim and survive without breathing.  
You can drop objects here but they will disappear from view.  You will
remember this feature on your overhead map.  Whilst in this feature you
take 2d6 damage continuously.  You can melt it to make it acidic vapour
over boiling acid.  You can use it to make it acidic vapour over boiling
acid and fill a bottle or flask to get a Flask of Acid.  


acidic vapour over boiling acid
-------------------------------
This is a shallow acid feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level
75 and below as a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'river' of terrain.  You can 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this feature making your
equipment slightly heavier but it blocks line of sight.  This feature lets
monsters that can fly, swim and bore through walls pass through without
impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this feature on your
overhead map.  You stop running next to this feature.  Whilst in this
 feature you take 4d6 damage continuously.  


deep boiling acid
-----------------
This is a deep acid feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 78
and below as a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'river' of terrain.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this feature taking an extra
turn to leave the grid and making your equipment heavier.  This feature
 lets monsters that can fly, swim and bore through walls pass through
 without impediment provided they resist and hides monsters that can swim
 and survive without breathing.  You can drop objects here but they will
disappear from view.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.
Whilst in this feature you take 4d6 damage continuously.  You can melt it
to make it acidic vapour over deep boiling acid.  You can use it to make
it boiling acid and fill a bottle or flask to get a Flask of Acid.  


acidic vapour over boiling acid
-------------------------------
This is a shallow acid feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level
78 and below as a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'river' of terrain.  You can 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this feature making your
equipment slightly heavier but it blocks line of sight.  This feature lets
monsters that can fly, swim and bore through walls pass through without
impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this feature on your
overhead map.  You stop running next to this feature.  Whilst in this
 feature you take 4d6 damage continuously.  


acidic vapour over deep boiling acid
------------------------------------
This is a deep acid feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 78
and below as a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'river' of terrain.  You can cast
spells, fire missiles and walk through this feature taking an extra turn
to leave the grid and making your equipment heavier but it blocks line of
sight.  This feature lets monsters that can fly, swim and bore through
walls pass through without impediment provided they resist and hides
monsters that can swim and survive without breathing.  You will remember
this feature on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this feature.
Whilst in this feature you take 4d6 damage continuously.  


falling acid
------------
This is a deep acid feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 79
and below as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can walk through this feature
 making your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks monsters that 
must fly, line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This feature
 lets monsters that can swim and bore through walls pass through without
impediment provided they resist and hides monsters that can swim and 
survive without breathing.  You can drop objects here but they will
disappear from view.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.
You can't breath in this.  Whilst in this feature you take 6d6 damage
 continuously.  You can use it to fill a bottle or flask to get a Flask of
Acid.  


falling acid
------------
This is a deep acid feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 79
and below as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can walk through this feature
 making your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks monsters that 
must fly, line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This feature
 lets monsters that can swim and bore through walls pass through without
impediment provided they resist and hides monsters that can swim and 
survive without breathing.  You can drop objects here but they will
disappear from view.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.
You can't breath in this.  Whilst in this feature you take 6d6 damage
 continuously.  You can use it to make it falling acid and fill a bottle
or flask to get a Flask of Acid.  


erupting acid vent
------------------
This is a deep acid feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 79
and below as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can walk through this feature
 making your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks monsters that 
must fly, line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This feature
 lets monsters that can swim and bore through walls pass through without
impediment provided they resist and hides monsters that can swim and 
survive without breathing.  You can drop objects here but they will
disappear from view.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.
You stop running next to this feature.  You can't breath in this.  Whilst
in this feature you take 6d6 damage continuously.  You can use it to fill
a bottle or flask to get a Flask of Acid.  


deep boiling acid
-----------------
This is a deep acid feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 81
and below as a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'river' of terrain.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this feature taking an extra
turn to leave the grid and making your equipment heavier.  This feature
 lets monsters that can fly, swim and bore through walls pass through
 without impediment provided they resist and hides monsters that can swim
 and survive without breathing.  You can drop objects here but they will
disappear from view.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.
Whilst in this feature you take 4d6 damage continuously.  You can search
 it to find deep acid.  You can melt it to make it acidic vapour over deep
boiling acid.  You can use it to make it acidic vapour over deep boiling
acid and fill a bottle or flask to get a Flask of Acid.  


acidic vapour over deep boiling acid
------------------------------------
This is a deep acid feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 81
and below as a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'river' of terrain.  You can cast
spells, fire missiles and walk through this feature taking an extra turn
to leave the grid and making your equipment heavier but it blocks line of
sight.  This feature lets monsters that can fly, swim and bore through
walls pass through without impediment provided they resist and hides
monsters that can swim and survive without breathing.  You will remember
this feature on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this feature.
Whilst in this feature you take 4d6 damage continuously.  


acid fall
---------
This is a deep acid feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 86
and below as a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'river' of terrain.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this feature taking an extra
turn to leave the grid and making your equipment heavier but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  This feature lets monsters that can fly and bore
through walls pass through without impediment provided they resist and
 hides monsters that can swim and survive without breathing.  You will
remember this feature on your overhead map.  Whilst in this feature you
take 10d6 damage continuously.  




Oil
---

oil
---
This is a fuel feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 40 and below
 as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that must
swim.  You can drop objects here but they will disappear from view.  You
will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You can burn it to make
it burning oil and light up the surrounding grids and potentially harm
monsters.  You can use it to fill a bottle or flask to get a Flask of Oil.



coal dust
---------
This is a fuel feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 40 and
below as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You can drop objects here but they will disappear from view.  
You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You can burn it to
 make it burning coal dust and light up the surrounding grids and
 potentially harm monsters.  


coal dust trail
---------------
This is a fuel feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 40 and
below as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  You can drop objects here but they will disappear from view.  
You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You can burn it to
 make it burning coal dust and light up the surrounding grids and
 potentially harm monsters.  


fire
----
This is a glowing fuel feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 44
and below as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles
 and walk through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters
that must swim.  This feature lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore
through walls pass through without impediment provided they resist and
 hides monsters that can dig.  You can drop objects here but they will
disappear from view.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.
You stop running next to this feature.  Whilst in this feature you take
3d6 damage continuously.  You can bash it to make it burnt ground and
darken the surrounding grids.  You can bash it to make it burnt ground and
darken the surrounding grids.  You can flood it to make it a wave breaking
over open ground and darken the surrounding grids.  


deep oil
--------
This is a deep fuel feature that rarely appears on dungeon level 45 and
below as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this feature taking an extra turn to leave the grid and
 making your equipment heavier.  This feature lets monsters that can fly, 
swim and bore through walls pass through without impediment provided they
resist and hides monsters that can swim and survive without breathing.  
You can drop objects here but they will disappear from view.  You will
remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this
 feature.  Whilst in this feature you take 4d6 damage continuously.  You
 can burn it to make it deep burning oil and light up the surrounding grids
.  You can use it to fill a bottle or flask to get a Flask of Oil.  


deep oil
--------
This is a deep fuel feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 48
and below as a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'river' of terrain.  You can see, 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this feature taking an extra
turn to leave the grid and making your equipment heavier.  This feature
 lets monsters that can fly, swim and bore through walls pass through
 without impediment provided they resist and hides monsters that can swim
 and survive without breathing.  You can drop objects here but they will
disappear from view.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.
You stop running next to this feature.  Whilst in this feature you take
4d6 damage continuously.  You can search it to find deep oil.  You can 
burn it to make it deep burning oil and light up the surrounding grids.  


falling oil
-----------
This is a deep fuel feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 51
and below as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can walk through this feature
 making your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks monsters that 
must fly, line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This feature
 lets monsters that can swim and bore through walls pass through without
impediment provided they resist and hides monsters that can swim and 
survive without breathing.  You can drop objects here but they will
disappear from view.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.
You can't breath in this.  Whilst in this feature you take 4d6 damage
 continuously.  You can freeze it to no effect.  You can use it to fill a
bottle or flask to get a Flask of Oil.  


falling oil
-----------
This is a deep fuel feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 51
and below as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can walk through this feature
 making your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks monsters that 
must fly, line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This feature
 lets monsters that can swim and bore through walls pass through without
impediment provided they resist and hides monsters that can swim and 
survive without breathing.  You can drop objects here but they will
disappear from view.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.
You can't breath in this.  Whilst in this feature you take 4d6 damage
 continuously.  You can freeze it to make it falling oil.  You can use it
to make it falling oil and fill a bottle or flask to get a Flask of Oil.  


smoke
-----
This is a fuel feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 53 and below
 as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that must
swim and line of sight.  This feature lets monsters that can fly and bore
through walls pass through without impediment provided they resist.  You
can drop objects here.  You will remember this feature on your overhead
map.  You stop running next to this feature.  Whilst in this feature you
take 2d4 damage continuously.  You can freeze it to make it burnt floor.  
You can flood it to make it wet floor.  


smoke over a broken floor
-------------------------
This is a fuel feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 56 and
below as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that must
swim and line of sight.  This feature lets monsters that can fly, climb
 and bore through walls pass through without impediment provided they
resist and hides monsters that can dig.  You can drop objects here.  You
will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop running next to
this feature.  Whilst in this feature you take 2d4 damage continuously.  
You can freeze it to make it broken floor.  You can flood it to make it 
the crest of a wave over hidden deep water and expose the surrounding
grids to daylight.  


deep burning oil
----------------
This is a deep glowing fuel feature that rarely appears on dungeon level
65 and below as a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'river' of terrain.  You can 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this feature taking an extra
turn to leave the grid and making your equipment heavier but it blocks 
monsters that must swim and line of sight.  This feature lets monsters
that can fly and bore through walls pass through without impediment
 provided they resist.  You can drop objects here but they will disappear
from view.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  Whilst in this feature you take 4d6 damage
 continuously.  


burning oil fall
----------------
This is a deep glowing fuel feature that commonly appears on dungeon level
66 and below as a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'river' of terrain.  You can 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this feature taking an extra
turn to leave the grid and making your equipment heavier but it blocks 
monsters that must swim and line of sight.  This feature lets monsters
that can fly and bore through walls pass through without impediment
 provided they resist and hides monsters that can swim and survive without
breathing.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  Whilst in this feature you take 10d6 damage
 continuously.  


oil fall
--------
This is a deep fuel feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 66 and
below as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and 
walk through this feature taking an extra turn to leave the grid and
 making your equipment heavier but it blocks monsters that must swim.  
This feature lets monsters that can fly and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist and hides monsters that
can swim and survive without breathing.  You will remember this feature on
your overhead map.  You stop running next to this feature.  Whilst in this
 feature you take 10d6 damage continuously.  You can burn it to make it 
 and hide the surrounding grids from the sun.  


deep burning oil
----------------
This is a deep glowing fuel feature that rarely appears on dungeon level
68 and below as a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'river' of terrain.  You can 
cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this feature taking an extra
turn to leave the grid and making your equipment heavier but it blocks 
monsters that must swim and line of sight.  This feature lets monsters
that can fly and bore through walls pass through without impediment
 provided they resist.  You can drop objects here but they will disappear
from view.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  Whilst in this feature you take 4d6 damage
 continuously.  You can search it to find deep burning oil.  


falling burning oil
-------------------
This is a deep glowing fuel feature that rarely appears on dungeon level
70 and below as a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'river' of terrain.  You can 
walk through this feature making your equipment significantly heavier but
it blocks monsters that must fly, line of sight, casting spells and firing
missiles.  This feature lets monsters that can swim and bore through walls
 pass through without impediment provided they resist and hides monsters
that can swim and survive without breathing.  You can drop objects here
 but they will disappear from view.  You will remember this feature on
your overhead map.  You can't breath in this.  Whilst in this feature you
take 10d6 damage continuously.  You can freeze it to no effect.  You can 
use it to fill a bottle or flask to get a Flask of Oil.  


falling burning oil
-------------------
This is a deep fuel feature that rarely appears on dungeon level 70 and
below as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can walk through this feature making
your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks monsters that must fly, 
line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This feature lets
monsters that can swim and bore through walls pass through without
impediment provided they resist and hides monsters that can swim and 
survive without breathing.  You can drop objects here but they will
disappear from view.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.
You can't breath in this.  Whilst in this feature you take 10d6 damage
 continuously.  You can freeze it to make it falling burning oil and light
up the surrounding grids.  You can use it to make it falling burning oil
 and light up the surrounding grids and fill a bottle or flask to get a
Flask of Oil.  


erupting fiery vent
-------------------
This is a deep glowing fuel feature that rarely appears on dungeon level
70 and below as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can walk through this feature
 making your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks monsters that 
must fly, line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This feature
 lets monsters that can swim and bore through walls pass through without
impediment provided they resist and hides monsters that can swim and 
survive without breathing.  You can drop objects here but they will
disappear from view.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.
You stop running next to this feature.  You can't breath in this.  Whilst
in this feature you take 10d6 damage continuously.  You can freeze it to
 no effect.  You can use it to fill a bottle or flask to get a Flask of
Fire.  




Chasms
------

chasm
-----
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 40 and below 
as a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'river' of terrain.  You can see, cast
spells, fire missiles and walk through this feature taking an extra turn
to leave the grid but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This feature
 lets monsters that can fly and bore through walls pass through without
impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this feature on your
overhead map.  Whilst in this feature you take 10d6 damage continuously.  
You can spike it to make it rope bridge.  


chasm
-----
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 60 and below 
as a 'river' of terrain.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this feature taking an extra turn to leave the grid but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  This feature lets monsters that can fly and bore
through walls pass through without impediment provided they resist.  You
will remember this feature on your overhead map.  Whilst in this feature
 you take 10d6 damage continuously.  You can spike it to make it rope
bridge.  


storm cloud over chasm
----------------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 66 and below 
as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this feature taking an extra turn to leave the grid but it blocks 
monsters that must swim and line of sight.  This feature lets monsters
that can fly and bore through walls pass through without impediment
 provided they resist.  You will remember this feature on your overhead
map.  Whilst in this feature you take 6d6 damage continuously.  


storm cloud over chasm
----------------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 66 and below 
as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that must
swim and line of sight.  You will remember this feature on your overhead
map.  You can electrify it to make it storm cloud over chasm and
 potentially harm monsters.  


chasm in the shade
------------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 66 and below 
as a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'river' of terrain.  You can see, cast
spells, fire missiles and walk through this feature taking an extra turn
to leave the grid but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This feature
 lets monsters that can fly and bore through walls pass through without
impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this feature on your
overhead map.  Whilst in this feature you take 10d6 damage continuously.  
You can burn it to make it chasm and expose the surrounding grids to
daylight.  You can cut down it to make it chasm and expose the surrounding
grids to daylight.  




Sand/Earth
----------

pile of wood
------------
This is a ground that commonly appears in both the town and dungeon as a
'lake' of terrain.  You can see and climb through this ground taking an
extra turn to enter and leave the grid but it blocks casting spells and 
firing missiles.  This ground lets monsters that can fly, dig and bore
through walls pass through without impediment and hides monsters that can 
sneak.  You will remember this ground on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this ground.  You can get stuck inside this ground should
it appear around you.  You can dig it to make it broken wood.  You can 
burn it to make it fire and light up the surrounding grids and potentially
harm monsters.  


a wave breaking over a pile of rubble
-------------------------------------
This is a deep mud water ground that commonly appears throughout the
dungeon.  You can climb through this ground taking an extra turn to enter 
the grid and making your equipment heavier but it blocks line of sight, 
casting spells and firing missiles.  This ground lets monsters that can 
fly, climb, dig, ooze, pass through walls and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.
You will remember this ground on your overhead map.  You can get stuck
inside this ground should it appear around you.  You can dig it to make it 
open floor and hide the surrounding grids from the sun.  You can magically
remove rock from it to make it open floor and hide the surrounding grids
from the sun.  You can gather it to make it open floor and hide the
surrounding grids from the sun and find a Rounded Pebble.  


pile of rubble
--------------
This is a ground that rarely appears throughout the dungeon.  You can 
climb through this ground taking an extra turn to enter the grid but it
 blocks line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This ground
 lets monsters that can climb, dig, ooze, pass through walls and bore
through walls pass through without impediment and hides monsters that can 
pass through walls.  You will remember this ground on your overhead map.  
You can get stuck inside this ground should it appear around you.  You can 
search it to find a pile of rubble containing something.  You can dig it to
 make it open floor and hide the surrounding grids from the sun and find 
an object.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it open floor
 and hide the surrounding grids from the sun and find an object.  You can 
flood it to make it a wave breaking over a pile of rubble and find an 
object.  You can gather it to find a Rounded Pebblean object.  


a pile of rubble containing something
-------------------------------------
This is a ground that rarely appears throughout the dungeon.  You can 
climb through this ground taking an extra turn to enter the grid but it
 blocks line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This ground
 lets monsters that can climb, dig, ooze, pass through walls and bore
through walls pass through without impediment and hides monsters that can 
pass through walls.  You will remember this ground on your overhead map.  
You can get stuck inside this ground should it appear around you.  You can 
dig it to make it open floor and hide the surrounding grids from the sun
 and find an object.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it 
open floor and hide the surrounding grids from the sun and find an object.
You can flood it to make it a wave breaking over a pile of rubble and find 
an object.  You can gather it to find a Rounded Pebblean object.  


steep sandy trail in the shade
------------------------------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 12 and below.  
You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and climb through this feature
 taking an extra turn to enter the grid.  This feature lets monsters that
can fly, climb, dig and bore through walls pass through without impediment
 and hides monsters that can dig.  You can drop objects here.  You will
remember this feature on your overhead map.  You can get stuck inside this
 feature should it appear around you.  You can burn it to make it burning
hillside and light up the surrounding grids and expose the surrounding
grids to daylight and potentially harm monsters.  You can cut down it to
 make it steep sandy trail and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  


salty trail
-----------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 12 and below as a
'lake' of terrain.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that must
swim.  This feature hides monsters that can dig.  You can drop objects here
.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You can flood it
to make it salt water and potentially harm monsters.  


pile of wood
------------
This is a ground that commonly appears on dungeon level 15 and below.  You
 can see, cast spells, fire missiles and climb through this ground taking
an extra turn to enter and leave the grid.  This ground lets monsters that
can fly, dig and bore through walls pass through without impediment and
 hides monsters that can sneak.  You will remember this ground on your
overhead map.  You can get stuck inside this ground should it appear
around you.  You can dig it to make it broken wood and find an object.  
You can burn it to make it fire and light up the surrounding grids and 
find an object and potentially harm monsters.  


a pile of wood containing something
-----------------------------------
This is a ground that commonly appears on dungeon level 15 and below.  You
 can see, cast spells, fire missiles and climb through this ground taking
an extra turn to enter and leave the grid.  This ground lets monsters that
can fly, dig and bore through walls pass through without impediment and
 hides monsters that can sneak.  You will remember this ground on your
overhead map.  You can get stuck inside this ground should it appear
around you.  You can dig it to make it broken wood and find an object.  
You can burn it to make it fire and light up the surrounding grids and 
find an object and potentially harm monsters.  


pile of rubble
--------------
This is a ground that commonly appears on dungeon level 20 and below as a
'lake' of terrain.  You can climb through this ground taking an extra turn
to enter the grid but it blocks line of sight, casting spells and firing
missiles.  This ground lets monsters that can climb, dig, ooze, pass
through walls and bore through walls pass through without impediment and
 hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You will remember this
 ground on your overhead map.  You can get stuck inside this ground should
it appear around you.  You can dig it to make it open floor and hide the
surrounding grids from the sun.  You can magically remove rock from it to
 make it open floor and hide the surrounding grids from the sun.  You can 
flood it to make it a wave breaking over a pile of rubble.  You can gather
 it to make it open floor and hide the surrounding grids from the sun and 
find a Rounded Pebble.  


muddy trail
-----------
This is a shallow mud water feature that commonly appears on dungeon level
21 and below.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this feature making your equipment slightly heavier but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  You can drop objects here but they will
disappear from view.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.
You can freeze it to no effect.  You can flood it to make it deep mud and
 potentially harm monsters.  


mud
---
This is a shallow mud water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon
level 21 and below as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can see, cast spells, fire
missiles and walk through this feature making your equipment slightly
 heavier but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This feature lets
monsters that can fly, dig, ooze and bore through walls pass through
 without impediment provided they resist.  You can drop objects here but
they will disappear from view.  You will remember this feature on your
overhead map.  Whilst in this feature you take 4d6 damage continuously.  
You can freeze it to make it hidden deep water.  You can disturb it to
 make it muddy trail.  You can flood it to make it deep mud.  


deep sand
---------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 22 and below as a
'lake' of terrain.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that must
swim.  This feature hides monsters that can dig.  You can drop objects here
.  You can disturb it to make it deep sandy trail.  You can flood it to
 make it wet sand.  


deep sandy trail
----------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 22 and below.
You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this feature
 without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This feature
 hides monsters that can dig.  You can drop objects here.  You will
remember this feature on your overhead map.  You can flood it to make it 
wet sand.  


sand dune
---------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 22 and below 
as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and climb
 through this feature taking an extra turn to enter the grid.  This
 feature lets monsters that can fly, climb, dig and bore through walls
 pass through without impediment and hides monsters that can dig.  You can
drop objects here.  You can get stuck inside this feature should it appear
around you.  You can disturb it to make it steep sandy trail.  


steep sandy trail
-----------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 22 and below.
You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and climb through this feature
 taking an extra turn to enter the grid.  This feature lets monsters that
can fly, climb, dig and bore through walls pass through without impediment
 and hides monsters that can dig.  You can drop objects here.  You will
remember this feature on your overhead map.  You can get stuck inside this
 feature should it appear around you.  


shaded sand dune
----------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 22 and below 
as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and climb
 through this feature taking an extra turn to enter the grid.  This
 feature lets monsters that can fly, climb, dig and bore through walls
 pass through without impediment and hides monsters that can dig.  You can
drop objects here.  You can get stuck inside this feature should it appear
around you.  You can burn it to make it burning hillside and light up the
surrounding grids and expose the surrounding grids to daylight and
 potentially harm monsters.  You can disturb it to make it steep sandy
trail in the shade.  You can cut down it to make it sand dune and expose
the surrounding grids to daylight.  


salt
----
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 22 and below 
as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that must
swim.  This feature hides monsters that can dig.  You can drop objects here
.  You can disturb it to make it salty trail.  You can flood it to make it 
salt water and potentially harm monsters.  


trembling pile of rubble
------------------------
This is a ground that occasionally appears on dungeon level 25 and below.  
You can climb through this ground taking an extra turn to enter the grid
 but it blocks line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This
 ground lets monsters that can climb, dig, ooze, pass through walls and 
bore through walls pass through without impediment and hides monsters that
can pass through walls.  You will remember this ground on your overhead
map.  You can get stuck inside this ground should it appear around you.  
You can dig it to make it open floor and hide the surrounding grids from
the sun.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it open floor and
hide the surrounding grids from the sun.  You can gather it to make it 
open floor and hide the surrounding grids from the sun and find a Rounded
Pebble.  


deep muddy trail
----------------
This is a deep mud water feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 48
and below.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this
 feature taking an extra turn to leave the grid and making your equipment
 heavier but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This feature lets
monsters that can fly, dig, ooze and bore through walls pass through
 without impediment provided they resist and hides monsters that can dig.  
You can drop objects here but they will disappear from view.  You will
remember this feature on your overhead map.  Whilst in this feature you
take 4d6 damage continuously.  You can search it to find deep mud.  You
 can freeze it to no effect.  You can flood it to make it deep mud.  


deep mud
--------
This is a deep mud water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon
level 48 and below as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can see, cast spells, fire
missiles and walk through this feature taking an extra turn to leave the
grid and making your equipment heavier but it blocks monsters that must
swim.  This feature lets monsters that can fly, dig, ooze and bore through
walls pass through without impediment provided they resist and hides
monsters that can dig.  You can drop objects here but they will disappear
from view.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  Whilst
in this feature you take 4d6 damage continuously.  You can search it to
 find deep mud.  You can freeze it to make it mud.  You can disturb it to
 make it deep muddy trail.  You can flood it to make it deep mud.  


deep mud
--------
This is a deep mud water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon
level 54 and below as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can see, cast spells, fire
missiles and walk through this feature taking an extra turn to leave the
grid and making your equipment heavier but it blocks monsters that must
swim.  This feature lets monsters that can fly, dig, ooze and bore through
walls pass through without impediment provided they resist and hides
monsters that can dig.  You can drop objects here but they will disappear
from view.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  Whilst
in this feature you take 4d6 damage continuously.  You can freeze it to
 make it mud.  You can flood it to make it shady water over deep mud.  


water over deep mud
-------------------
This is a deep mud water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon
level 54 and below as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can see, cast spells, fire
missiles and walk through this feature taking an extra turn to leave the
grid and making your equipment heavier but it blocks monsters that must
swim.  This feature lets monsters that can fly, dig and bore through walls
 pass through without impediment provided they resist and hides monsters
that can dig.  You can drop objects here but they will disappear from view
.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  Whilst in this
 feature you take 4d6 damage continuously.  You can search it to find 
shady water over deep mud.  You can freeze it to make it mud.  You can 
flood it to make it the crest of a wave over hidden deep water.  


shady water over deep mud
-------------------------
This is a deep mud water feature that occasionally appears on dungeon
level 54 and below as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can see, cast spells, fire
missiles and walk through this feature taking an extra turn to leave the
grid and making your equipment heavier but it blocks monsters that must
swim.  This feature lets monsters that can fly, dig and bore through walls
 pass through without impediment provided they resist and hides monsters
that can dig.  You can drop objects here but they will disappear from view
.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  Whilst in this
 feature you take 4d6 damage continuously.  You can search it to find deep
mud.  You can freeze it to make it mud.  You can flood it to make it the
crest of a wave over deep water.  




Ground
------

earth
-----
This is a feature that rarely appears throughout the dungeon as a 'lake'
of terrain.  You can walk and run on this feature and can see, cast spells
 and fire missiles through it without impediment but it blocks monsters
that must swim.  You can drop objects here.  You can flood it to make it a
wave breaking over open ground.  


dirt trail
----------
This is a feature that rarely appears throughout the dungeon.  You can 
walk and run on this feature and can see, cast spells and fire missiles
 through it without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  
This feature hides monsters that can dig.  You can drop objects here.  You
will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You can flood it to make
it a wave breaking over open ground.  


rock
----
This is a feature that rarely appears throughout the dungeon as a 'lake'
of terrain.  You can climb on this feature taking an extra turn to enter 
the grid and can see, cast spells and fire missiles through it without
impediment.  This feature lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore
through walls pass over without impediment and hides monsters that can dig
.  You can drop objects here.  You can get stuck inside this feature
 should it appear around you.  You can flood it to make it a wave breaking
over rock.  You can gather it to make it pebbles and find a large Rock.  


pebbles
-------
This is a feature that rarely appears throughout the dungeon as a 'lake'
of terrain.  You can walk on this feature and can see, cast spells and 
fire missiles through it without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  This feature hides monsters that can dig.  You can drop
objects here.  You can flood it to make it a wave breaking over pebbles.  
You can gather it to find a Rounded Pebble.  


open ground
-----------
This is a feature that rarely appears throughout the dungeon as a 'lake'
of terrain.  You can walk and run on this feature and can see, cast spells
 and fire missiles through it without impediment but it blocks monsters
that must swim.  You can drop objects here.  You can burn it to make it 
fire and light up the surrounding grids and potentially harm monsters.  
You can flood it to make it a wave breaking over open ground.  


open trail
----------
This is a feature that rarely appears throughout the dungeon.  You can 
walk and run on this feature and can see, cast spells and fire missiles
 through it without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  
This feature hides monsters that can dig.  You can drop objects here.  You
will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You can burn it to make
it fire and light up the surrounding grids and potentially harm monsters.  
You can flood it to make it a wave breaking over open ground.  


open hill
---------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 13 and below as a
'lake' of terrain.  You can run and climb on this feature taking an extra
turn to enter the grid and can see, cast spells and fire missiles through
it without impediment.  This feature lets monsters that can fly, climb and 
bore through walls pass over without impediment.  You can drop objects here
.  You can get stuck inside this feature should it appear around you.  You
 can burn it to make it burning hillside and light up the surrounding grids
 and potentially harm monsters.  


earth mound
-----------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 19 and below as a
'lake' of terrain.  You can run and climb on this feature taking an extra
turn to enter the grid and can see, cast spells and fire missiles through
it without impediment.  This feature lets monsters that can fly, climb and 
bore through walls pass over without impediment.  You can drop objects here
.  You can get stuck inside this feature should it appear around you.  


burnt hillside
--------------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 25 and below as a
'lake' of terrain.  You can climb on this feature taking an extra turn to 
enter the grid and can see, cast spells and fire missiles through it
 without impediment.  This feature lets monsters that can fly and bore
through walls pass over without impediment.  You can drop objects here.  
You can get stuck inside this feature should it appear around you.  You
 can burn it to make it smoke over burnt hillside and potentially harm
monsters.  


burnt ground
------------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 32 and below as a
'lake' of terrain.  You can walk on this feature and can see, cast spells
 and fire missiles through it without impediment but it blocks monsters
that must swim.  You can drop objects here.  You can flood it to make it a
wave breaking over open ground.  


wet ground
----------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 40 and below 
as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can walk and run on this feature and can see, 
cast spells and fire missiles through it without impediment but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  You can drop objects here.  You can freeze it to
 make it ice and hide the surrounding grids from the sun.  You can flood
 it to make it a wave breaking over open ground.  


shady wet ground
----------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 40 and below 
as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can walk and run on this feature and can see, 
cast spells and fire missiles through it without impediment but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  You can drop objects here.  You can freeze it to
 make it shady ground and hide the surrounding grids from the sun.  You
 can flood it to make it a wave breaking over shady ground.  




Trees/Plants
------------

vine-covered granite wall
-------------------------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon next to the
entrance of a corridor in a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving
through it and line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This
 wall lets monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through
walls pass through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass
through walls.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You
stop running next to this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should
it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  You can tunnel it to
 make it open floor.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it 
open floor.  You can gather it to make it granite wall and find a Vine.  


mossy granite wall
------------------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon next to the
entrance of a corridor in a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving
through it and line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This
 wall lets monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through
walls pass through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass
through walls.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You
stop running next to this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should
it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  You can tunnel it to
 make it open floor.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it 
open floor.  


grass
-----
This is a feature that rarely appears throughout the dungeon as a 'lake'
of terrain.  You can walk and run on this feature and can see, cast spells
 and fire missiles through it without impediment but it blocks monsters
that must swim.  This feature hides monsters that can sneak and dig.  You
can drop objects here but they will disappear from view.  You can burn it
to make it fire and light up the surrounding grids and potentially harm
monsters.  You can flood it to make it a wave breaking over open ground.  


open trail through grass
------------------------
This is a feature that rarely appears throughout the dungeon.  You can 
walk and run on this feature and can see, cast spells and fire missiles
 through it without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  
This feature hides monsters that can dig.  You can drop objects here.  You
will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You can burn it to make
it fire and light up the surrounding grids and potentially harm monsters.  
You can flood it to make it a wave breaking over open ground.  


shaded earth
------------
This is a feature that rarely appears throughout the dungeon as a 'lake'
of terrain.  You can walk and run on this feature and can see, cast spells
 and fire missiles through it without impediment but it blocks monsters
that must swim.  You can drop objects here.  You can burn it to make it 
fire and light up the surrounding grids and expose the surrounding grids
to daylight and potentially harm monsters.  You can flood it to make it a
wave breaking over shady ground and expose the surrounding grids to
daylight.  You can cut down it to make it earth and expose the surrounding
grids to daylight.  


shady dirt trail
----------------
This is a feature that rarely appears throughout the dungeon.  You can see
, cast spells, fire missiles, walk and run through this feature without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This feature hides
monsters that can dig.  You can drop objects here.  You will remember this
 feature on your overhead map.  You can burn it to make it fire and light
up the surrounding grids and expose the surrounding grids to daylight and
 potentially harm monsters.  You can flood it to make it a wave breaking
over shady ground and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can 
cut down it to make it dirt trail and expose the surrounding grids to
daylight.  


rock in the shade
-----------------
This is a feature that rarely appears throughout the dungeon as a 'lake'
of terrain.  You can climb on this feature taking an extra turn to enter 
the grid and can see, cast spells and fire missiles through it without
impediment.  This feature lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore
through walls pass over without impediment and hides monsters that can dig
.  You can drop objects here.  You can get stuck inside this feature
 should it appear around you.  You can burn it to make it fire and light
up the surrounding grids and expose the surrounding grids to daylight and
 potentially harm monsters.  You can flood it to make it a wave breaking
over rock and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can gather it
to find a Rounded Pebble.  You can cut down it to make it rock and expose
the surrounding grids to daylight.  


shaded grass
------------
This is a feature that rarely appears throughout the dungeon as a 'lake'
of terrain.  You can walk and run on this feature and can see, cast spells
 and fire missiles through it without impediment but it blocks monsters
that must swim.  This feature hides monsters that can sneak and dig.  You
can drop objects here but they will disappear from view.  You can burn it
to make it fire and light up the surrounding grids and expose the
surrounding grids to daylight and potentially harm monsters.  You can 
flood it to make it a wave breaking over shady ground and expose the
surrounding grids to daylight.  You can cut down it to make it grass and
expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  


shady trail through grass
-------------------------
This is a feature that rarely appears throughout the dungeon.  You can see
, cast spells, fire missiles, walk and run through this feature without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This feature hides
monsters that can dig.  You can drop objects here.  You will remember this
 feature on your overhead map.  You can burn it to make it fire and light
up the surrounding grids and expose the surrounding grids to daylight and
 potentially harm monsters.  You can flood it to make it a wave breaking
over shady ground and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can 
cut down it to make it open trail through grass and expose the surrounding
grids to daylight.  


shady ground
------------
This is a feature that rarely appears throughout the dungeon as a 'lake'
of terrain.  You can walk and run on this feature and can see, cast spells
 and fire missiles through it without impediment but it blocks monsters
that must swim.  You can drop objects here.  You can burn it to make it 
fire and light up the surrounding grids and expose the surrounding grids
to daylight and potentially harm monsters.  You can flood it to make it a
wave breaking over shady ground and expose the surrounding grids to
daylight.  You can cut down it to make it open ground and expose the
surrounding grids to daylight.  


shady trail
-----------
This is a feature that rarely appears throughout the dungeon.  You can see
, cast spells, fire missiles, walk and run through this feature without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This feature hides
monsters that can dig.  You can drop objects here.  You will remember this
 feature on your overhead map.  You can burn it to make it fire and light
up the surrounding grids and expose the surrounding grids to daylight and
 potentially harm monsters.  You can flood it to make it a wave breaking
over shady ground and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can 
cut down it to make it open trail and expose the surrounding grids to
daylight.  


pebbles in the shade
--------------------
This is a feature that rarely appears throughout the dungeon as a 'lake'
of terrain.  You can walk on this feature and can see, cast spells and 
fire missiles through it without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim.  This feature hides monsters that can dig.  You can drop
objects here.  You can burn it to make it fire and light up the
surrounding grids and potentially harm monsters.  You can gather it to
 make it pebbles and find a Rounded Pebble.  You can cut down it to make
it pebbles.  


rapidly growing shoot
---------------------
This is a feature that rarely appears throughout the dungeon.  You can 
walk and run on this feature and can see, cast spells and fire missiles
 through it without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  
This feature hides monsters that can sneak and dig.  You can drop objects
here but they will disappear from view.  You can burn it to make it fire
 and light up the surrounding grids and potentially harm monsters.  You
 can flood it to make it a wave breaking over open ground.  


herbs in the shade
------------------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 4 and below as a
'lake' of terrain.  You can walk and run on this feature and can see, cast
spells and fire missiles through it without impediment but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  You can drop objects here.  You can burn it to
 make it fire and light up the surrounding grids and expose the
surrounding grids to daylight and potentially harm monsters.  You can 
flood it to make it a wave breaking over shady ground and expose the
surrounding grids to daylight.  You can cut down it to make it herbs and
expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  


herbs
-----
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 4 and below 
as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can walk and run on this feature and can see, 
cast spells and fire missiles through it without impediment but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  You can drop objects here.  You can burn it to
 make it fire and light up the surrounding grids and potentially harm
monsters.  You can flood it to make it a wave breaking over open ground.  


bush
----
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 5 and below as a
'lake' of terrain.  You can cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that must fly, 
must swim and line of sight.  You can drop objects here but they will
disappear from view.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.
You can burn it to make it bush fire and light up the surrounding grids
 and potentially harm monsters.  


tree
----
This is a tree that commonly appears on dungeon level 7 and below as a
'lake' of terrain.  You can climb through this tree taking an extra turn
to enter and leave the grid but it blocks line of sight, casting spells
 and firing missiles.  This tree lets monsters that can fly and bore
through walls pass through without impediment and hides monsters that can 
sneak.  You will remember this tree on your overhead map.  You can get
stuck inside this tree should it appear around you.  You can bash it to
 make it tree trunk and cover the surrounding grids with branches and
expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can bash it to make it tree
trunk and cover the surrounding grids with branches and expose the
surrounding grids to daylight.  You can burn it to make it wall of fire
 and light up the surrounding grids and cover the surrounding grids with
branches and potentially harm monsters.  You can flood it to make it a
wave breaking over a tree trunk and cover the surrounding grids with
branches and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  


tree trunk
----------
This is a tree that commonly appears on dungeon level 10 and below as a
'lake' of terrain.  You can climb through this tree taking an extra turn
to enter and leave the grid but it blocks line of sight, casting spells
 and firing missiles.  This tree lets monsters that can fly and bore
through walls pass through without impediment and hides monsters that can 
sneak.  You will remember this tree on your overhead map.  You can get
stuck inside this tree should it appear around you.  You can bash it to
 make it tree trunk and cover the surrounding grids with branches.  You
 can bash it to make it tree trunk and cover the surrounding grids with
branches.  You can burn it to make it wall of fire and light up the
surrounding grids and cover the surrounding grids with branches and hide
the surrounding grids from the sun and potentially harm monsters.  You can 
flood it to make it a wave breaking over a tree trunk and cover the
surrounding grids with branches.  


vines
-----
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 10 and below as a
'lake' of terrain.  You can cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim and 
line of sight.  You can drop objects here but they will disappear from view
.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop running
next to this feature.  You can open it to make it earth.  You can burn it
to make it fire and light up the surrounding grids and potentially harm
monsters.  You can flood it to make it a wave breaking over open ground.  
You can gather it to make it earth and find a Vine.  


quivering sapling
-----------------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 10 and below.  
You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this feature
 without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This feature
 hides monsters that can pass through walls.  You can drop objects here.  
You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop running
next to this feature.  You can bash it to make it open floor.  You can 
bash it to make it open floor.  You can burn it to make it fire and light
up the surrounding grids and expose the surrounding grids to daylight and
 potentially harm monsters.  


apple tree
----------
This is a tree that occasionally appears on dungeon level 10 and below as
a 'lake' of terrain.  You can see and climb through this tree taking an
extra turn to enter and leave the grid but it blocks casting spells and 
firing missiles.  This tree lets monsters that can fly and bore through
walls pass through without impediment and hides monsters that can sneak.  
You will remember this tree on your overhead map.  You can get stuck
inside this tree should it appear around you.  You can bash it to make it 
tree trunk and cover the surrounding grids with branches and expose the
surrounding grids to daylight.  You can bash it to make it tree trunk and
cover the surrounding grids with branches and expose the surrounding grids
to daylight.  You can burn it to make it burning tree and light up the
surrounding grids and cover the surrounding grids with branches and
 potentially harm monsters.  You can flood it to make it a wave breaking
over open ground and cover the surrounding grids with branches and expose
the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can gather it to find an Apple.  


grassy hill
-----------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 16 and below as a
'lake' of terrain.  You can run and climb on this feature taking an extra
turn to enter the grid and can see, cast spells and fire missiles through
it without impediment.  This feature lets monsters that can fly, climb and 
bore through walls pass over without impediment and hides monsters that
can sneak and dig.  You can drop objects here but they will disappear from
view.  You can get stuck inside this feature should it appear around you.  
You can burn it to make it burning hillside and light up the surrounding
grids and potentially harm monsters.  


steep trail through grass
-------------------------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 16 and below.  
You can see, cast spells, fire missiles, run and climb through this
 feature taking an extra turn to enter the grid.  This feature lets
monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass through without
impediment and hides monsters that can dig.  You can drop objects here.  
You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You can get stuck
inside this feature should it appear around you.  You can burn it to make
it burning hillside and light up the surrounding grids and potentially
harm monsters.  


thicket
-------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 20 and below 
as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can walk and climb through this feature
 taking an extra turn to enter and leave the grid but it blocks monsters
that must swim, line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  You
will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You can bash it to make
it bush and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can bash it to
 make it bush and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can burn
 it to make it wall of fire and light up the surrounding grids and
 potentially harm monsters.  


steep trail in the shade
------------------------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 24 and below.  
You can see, cast spells, fire missiles, run and climb through this
 feature taking an extra turn to enter the grid.  This feature lets
monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass through without
impediment and hides monsters that can dig.  You can drop objects here.  
You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You can get stuck
inside this feature should it appear around you.  You can burn it to make
it burning hillside and light up the surrounding grids and expose the
surrounding grids to daylight and potentially harm monsters.  You can 
gather it to no effect.  You can cut down it to make it steep trail and
expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  


shadowy hill
------------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 24 and below as a
'lake' of terrain.  You can run and climb on this feature taking an extra
turn to enter the grid and can see, cast spells and fire missiles through
it without impediment.  This feature lets monsters that can fly, climb and 
bore through walls pass over without impediment.  You can drop objects here
.  You can get stuck inside this feature should it appear around you.  You
 can burn it to make it burning hillside and light up the surrounding grids
 and expose the surrounding grids to daylight and potentially harm monsters
.  You can cut down it to make it open hill and expose the surrounding
grids to daylight.  


shady grassy hill
-----------------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 27 and below as a
'lake' of terrain.  You can run and climb on this feature taking an extra
turn to enter the grid and can see, cast spells and fire missiles through
it without impediment.  This feature lets monsters that can fly, climb and 
bore through walls pass over without impediment and hides monsters that
can sneak and dig.  You can drop objects here but they will disappear from
view.  You can get stuck inside this feature should it appear around you.  
You can burn it to make it burning hillside and light up the surrounding
grids and expose the surrounding grids to daylight and potentially harm
monsters.  You can cut down it to make it grassy hill and expose the
surrounding grids to daylight.  


steep shady trail through grass
-------------------------------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 27 and below.  
You can see, cast spells, fire missiles, run and climb through this
 feature taking an extra turn to enter the grid.  This feature lets
monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass through without
impediment and hides monsters that can dig.  You can drop objects here.  
You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You can get stuck
inside this feature should it appear around you.  You can burn it to make
it burning hillside and light up the surrounding grids and expose the
surrounding grids to daylight and potentially harm monsters.  You can cut
down it to make it steep trail through grass and expose the surrounding
grids to daylight.  


brambles
--------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 30 and below as a
'lake' of terrain.  You can cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that must fly, 
must swim and line of sight.  This feature lets monsters that can bore
through walls pass through without impediment provided they resist.  You
can drop objects here but they will disappear from view.  You will
remember this feature on your overhead map.  You can stumble on it to take
2d4 damage.  You can burn it to make it bush fire and light up the
surrounding grids.  You can use it to use a handful of Berries.  You can 
gather it to make it thorns and find a handful of Berries.  


thorns
------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 30 and below as a
'lake' of terrain.  You can cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this feature taking an extra turn to leave the grid but it blocks 
monsters that must fly, must swim and line of sight.  This feature lets
monsters that can bore through walls pass through without impediment
 provided they resist.  You can drop objects here but they will disappear
from view.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this feature.  You can stumble on it to take 1d2 damage.  
You can burn it to make it bush fire and light up the surrounding grids.  


shaded earth mound
------------------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 30 and below as a
'lake' of terrain.  You can run and climb on this feature taking an extra
turn to enter the grid and can see, cast spells and fire missiles through
it without impediment.  This feature lets monsters that can fly, climb and 
bore through walls pass over without impediment.  You can drop objects here
.  You can get stuck inside this feature should it appear around you.  You
 can burn it to make it burning hillside and light up the surrounding grids
 and expose the surrounding grids to daylight and potentially harm monsters
.  You can cut down it to make it earth mound and expose the surrounding
grids to daylight.  


steep dirt trail in the shade
-----------------------------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 30 and below.  
You can see, cast spells, fire missiles, run and climb through this
 feature taking an extra turn to enter the grid.  This feature lets
monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass through without
impediment and hides monsters that can dig.  You can drop objects here.  
You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You can get stuck
inside this feature should it appear around you.  You can burn it to make
it burning hillside and light up the surrounding grids and expose the
surrounding grids to daylight and potentially harm monsters.  You can cut
down it to make it steep dirt trail and expose the surrounding grids to
daylight.  


poisonous thorns
----------------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 40 and below as a
'lake' of terrain.  You can cast spells, fire missiles and walk through
 this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that must fly, 
must swim and line of sight.  This feature lets monsters that can bore
through walls pass through without impediment provided they resist.  You
can drop objects here but they will disappear from view.  You will
remember this feature on your overhead map.  You can stumble on it to take
2d4 damage.  You can burn it to make it bush fire and light up the
surrounding grids.  You can use it to no effect.  You can gather it to no
effect.  


impassable tree trunk
---------------------
This is a tree that commonly appears on dungeon level 40 and below as a
'lake' of terrain.  This  tree blocks you from moving through it and 
monsters that pass through walls, climb, line of sight, casting spells and 
firing missiles.  This tree lets monsters that can bore through walls pass 
through without impediment and hides monsters that can sneak.  You will
remember this tree on your overhead map.  You can get stuck inside this
 tree should it appear around you.  You can bash it to make it tree trunk
 and cover the surrounding grids with branches and expose the surrounding
grids to daylight.  You can bash it to make it tree trunk and cover the
surrounding grids with branches and expose the surrounding grids to
daylight.  You can tunnel it to make it tree trunk and cover the
surrounding grids with branches and expose the surrounding grids to
daylight.  You can burn it to make it wall of fire and light up the
surrounding grids and cover the surrounding grids with branches and
 potentially harm monsters.  


impassable thicket
------------------
This is a ground that commonly appears on dungeon level 40 and below as a
'lake' of terrain.  This  ground blocks you from moving through it and 
monsters that pass through walls, climb, line of sight, casting spells and 
firing missiles.  This ground lets monsters that can fly and bore through
walls pass through without impediment and hides monsters that can sneak.  
You will remember this ground on your overhead map.  You can get stuck
inside this ground should it appear around you.  You can bash it to make
it thicket.  You can bash it to make it thicket.  You can tunnel it to
 make it thicket.  You can burn it to make it wall of fire and light up
the surrounding grids and potentially harm monsters.  




Smoke/Fire
----------

steam
-----
This is a feature that commonly appears in both the town and dungeon.  You
 can cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this feature without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim and line of sight.  This
 feature lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist.  You can drop objects here
.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop running
next to this feature.  Whilst in this feature you take 1d3 damage
 continuously.  You can burn it to make it open floor.  You can freeze it
to make it open floor.  You can flood it to make it wet floor.  


steam over a broken floor
-------------------------
This is a feature that commonly appears in both the town and dungeon.  You
 can cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this feature without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim and line of sight.  This
 feature lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist and hides monsters that
can dig.  You can drop objects here.  You will remember this feature on
your overhead map.  You stop running next to this feature.  Whilst in this
 feature you take 1d3 damage continuously.  You can burn it to make it 
broken floor.  You can freeze it to make it broken floor.  You can flood
 it to make it the crest of a wave over hidden deep water and expose the
surrounding grids to daylight.  


steam over geothermal floor
---------------------------
This is a feature that commonly appears in both the town and dungeon as a
'lake' of terrain or as a 'river' of terrain.  You can see, cast spells, 
fire missiles and walk through this feature without impediment but it
 blocks monsters that must swim.  This feature lets monsters that can fly
 and bore through walls pass through without impediment provided they
resist.  You can drop objects here but they will disappear from view.  You
will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop running next to
this feature.  Whilst in this feature you take 1d3 damage continuously.  
You can burn it to make it geothermal floor.  You can freeze it to make it 
geothermal floor.  


poison gas
----------
This is a feature that commonly appears in both the town and dungeon.  You
 can cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this feature without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim and line of sight.  This
 feature lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist.  You can drop objects here
.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.  You stop running
next to this feature.  Whilst in this feature you take 3d4 damage
 continuously.  


poison gas over broken floor
----------------------------
This is a feature that commonly appears in both the town and dungeon.  You
 can cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this feature without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim and line of sight.  This
 feature lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist and hides monsters that
can dig.  You can drop objects here.  You will remember this feature on
your overhead map.  You stop running next to this feature.  Whilst in this
 feature you take 3d4 damage continuously.  You can flood it to make it 
the crest of a wave over poisonous water and expose the surrounding grids
to daylight.  


glyph of warding
----------------
This is a glyph that is set by the player.  You can see, cast spells, fire
missiles and walk through this glyph without impediment but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  You will remember this glyph on your overhead
map.  You stop running next to this glyph.  


closing lever on a granite wall
-------------------------------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon next to the
entrance of a corridor in a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving
through it and line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This
 wall lets monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through
walls pass through without impediment provided they resist and hides
monsters that can pass through walls.  You will remember this wall on your
overhead map.  You stop running next to this wall.  You can get stuck
inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  
Whilst in this wall you take 0d0 damage continuously.  You can tunnel it to
 make it granite wall.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it 
granite wall.  


opening lever on a granite wall
-------------------------------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon next to the
entrance of a corridor in a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving
through it and line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This
 wall lets monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through
walls pass through without impediment provided they resist and hides
monsters that can pass through walls.  You will remember this wall on your
overhead map.  You stop running next to this wall.  You can get stuck
inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  
Whilst in this wall you take 0d0 damage continuously.  You can tunnel it to
 make it granite wall.  You can magically remove rock from it to make it 
granite wall.  


opening mechanism in a granite wall
-----------------------------------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon next to the
entrance of a corridor in a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving
through it and line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This
 wall lets monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through
walls pass through without impediment provided they resist and hides
monsters that can pass through walls.  You will remember this wall on your
overhead map.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it appear around
you.  You can't breath in this.  Whilst in this wall you take 0d0 damage
 continuously.  You can tunnel it to make it linked chain.  You can 
magically remove rock from it to make it linked chain.  


closing mechanism in a granite wall
-----------------------------------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon as part of the
inner wall of a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving through it and 
line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets
monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment provided they resist and hides monsters that
can pass through walls.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.
You can get stuck inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't
breath in this.  Whilst in this wall you take 0d0 damage continuously.  
You can tunnel it to make it linked chain.  You can magically remove rock
from it to make it linked chain.  


opening sliding wall
--------------------
This is a ground that commonly appears throughout the dungeon.  You can 
climb through this ground taking an extra turn to enter the grid but it
 blocks line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This ground
 lets monsters that can climb, ooze, pass through walls and bore through
walls pass through without impediment provided they resist and hides
monsters that can pass through walls.  You will remember this ground on
your overhead map.  You can get stuck inside this ground should it appear
around you.  Whilst in this ground you take 0d0 damage continuously.  You
 can tunnel it to make it linked chain.  You can magically remove rock from
 it to make it linked chain.  


closing sliding wall
--------------------
This is a ground that commonly appears throughout the dungeon.  You can 
climb through this ground taking an extra turn to enter the grid but it
 blocks line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This ground
 lets monsters that can climb, ooze, pass through walls and bore through
walls pass through without impediment provided they resist and hides
monsters that can pass through walls.  You will remember this ground on
your overhead map.  You can get stuck inside this ground should it appear
around you.  Whilst in this ground you take 0d0 damage continuously.  You
 can tunnel it to make it linked chain.  You can magically remove rock from
 it to make it linked chain.  


mechanism in a granite wall
---------------------------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon as part of the
outer wall of a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving through it and 
line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets
monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.
You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You can get stuck
inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  
You can tunnel it to make it open floor.  You can magically remove rock
from it to make it open floor.  


mechanism in a granite wall
---------------------------
This is a wall that commonly appears throughout the dungeon as part of the
outer wall of a room.  This  wall blocks you from moving through it and 
line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets
monsters that can climb, pass through walls and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment and hides monsters that can pass through walls.
You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You can get stuck
inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  
You can tunnel it to make it open floor.  You can magically remove rock
from it to make it open floor.  


wall of fire
------------
This is a glowing feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 20
and below as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can walk through this feature but it
 blocks monsters that must swim, line of sight, casting spells and firing
missiles.  This feature lets monsters that can fly and bore through walls
 pass through without impediment provided they resist.  You will remember
this feature on your overhead map.  Whilst in this feature you take 4d6
damage continuously.  You can bash it to no effect.  You can bash it to
 make it burnt floor and darken the surrounding grids.  You can flood it to
 make it burnt floor and darken the surrounding grids.  


crumbling floor
---------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 25 and below 
as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and climb
 through this feature taking an extra turn to enter the grid.  This
 feature lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass 
through without impediment.  You will remember this feature on your
overhead map.  You can get stuck inside this feature should it appear
around you.  


cracked floor
-------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 25 and below.
You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this feature
 without impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim.  This feature
 lets monsters that can fly, climb and bore through walls pass through
 without impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this feature
 on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this feature.  Whilst in
this feature you take 0d0 damage continuously.  


bush fire
---------
This is a glowing feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 32 and
below as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that must
swim and line of sight.  This feature lets monsters that can fly and bore
through walls pass through without impediment provided they resist.  You
can drop objects here but they will disappear from view.  You will
remember this feature on your overhead map.  Whilst in this feature you
take 3d6 damage continuously.  You can bash it to no effect.  You can bash
 it to make it burnt ground and darken the surrounding grids.  You can 
flood it to make it a wave breaking over open ground and darken the
surrounding grids.  


fire
----
This is a glowing feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 32 and
below as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that must
swim and line of sight.  This feature lets monsters that can fly and bore
through walls pass through without impediment provided they resist.  You
will remember this feature on your overhead map.  Whilst in this feature
 you take 4d6 damage continuously.  You can bash it to make it burnt floor
 and darken the surrounding grids.  You can bash it to make it burnt floor
 and darken the surrounding grids.  You can flood it to make it burnt floor
 and darken the surrounding grids.  


smoke over burnt ground
-----------------------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 35 and below as a
'lake' of terrain.  You can walk on this feature and can cast spells and 
fire missiles through it without impediment but it blocks monsters that 
must swim and line of sight.  This feature lets monsters that can fly and 
bore through walls pass over without impediment provided they resist.  You
can drop objects here.  Whilst in this feature you take 2d4 damage
 continuously.  You can flood it to make it a wave breaking over open
ground.  


burning tree
------------
This is a glowing feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 35 and
below as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can walk through this feature but it
 blocks monsters that must swim, line of sight, casting spells and firing
missiles.  This feature lets monsters that can fly and bore through walls
 pass through without impediment provided they resist.  You will remember
this feature on your overhead map.  Whilst in this feature you take 4d6
damage continuously.  You can bash it to make it burnt tree and darken the
surrounding grids and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can 
bash it to make it burnt tree and darken the surrounding grids and expose
the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can flood it to make it a wave
breaking over a tree trunk and darken the surrounding grids and expose the
surrounding grids to daylight.  


smoke over burnt hillside
-------------------------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 36 and below as a
'lake' of terrain.  You can climb on this feature taking an extra turn to 
enter the grid and can cast spells and fire missiles through it without
impediment but it blocks line of sight.  This feature lets monsters that
can fly and bore through walls pass over without impediment provided they
resist.  You can drop objects here.  You can get stuck inside this feature
 should it appear around you.  Whilst in this feature you take 2d4 damage
 continuously.  


wall of fire
------------
This is a glowing feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 38 and
below as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can walk through this feature but it
 blocks monsters that must swim, line of sight, casting spells and firing
missiles.  This feature lets monsters that can fly and bore through walls
 pass through without impediment provided they resist.  You can drop
objects here but they will disappear from view.  You will remember this
 feature on your overhead map.  Whilst in this feature you take 6d6 damage
 continuously.  You can bash it to make it burnt ground and darken the
surrounding grids and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can 
bash it to make it burnt ground and darken the surrounding grids and
expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  You can flood it to make it a
wave breaking over open ground and darken the surrounding grids and expose
the surrounding grids to daylight.  


burning hillside
----------------
This is a glowing feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 39 and
below as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can cast spells, fire missiles and 
climb through this feature taking an extra turn to enter the grid but it
 blocks line of sight.  This feature lets monsters that can fly, climb and 
bore through walls pass through without impediment provided they resist
 and hides monsters that can dig.  You will remember this feature on your
overhead map.  You stop running next to this feature.  You can get stuck
inside this feature should it appear around you.  Whilst in this feature
 you take 3d6 damage continuously.  You can bash it to make it burnt
hillside and darken the surrounding grids.  You can bash it to make it 
burnt hillside and darken the surrounding grids.  You can freeze it to
 make it burnt hillside and darken the surrounding grids.  You can flood
 it to make it burnt hillside and darken the surrounding grids.  


storm cloud
-----------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 50 and below 
as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that must
swim and line of sight.  This feature lets monsters that can fly, climb
 and bore through walls pass through without impediment provided they
resist.  You can drop objects here but they will disappear from view.  You
will remember this feature on your overhead map.  Whilst in this feature
 you take 4d6 damage continuously.  


storm cloud over broken floor
-----------------------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 50 and below 
as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that must
swim and line of sight.  This feature lets monsters that can fly, climb
 and bore through walls pass through without impediment provided they
resist.  You can drop objects here but they will disappear from view.  You
will remember this feature on your overhead map.  Whilst in this feature
 you take 4d6 damage continuously.  You can flood it to make it the crest
of a wave over hidden deep water and expose the surrounding grids to
daylight.  


storm cloud
-----------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 50 and below.
You can cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this feature without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim and line of sight.  You
can drop objects here but they will disappear from view.  You will
remember this feature on your overhead map.  You can electrify it to make
it storm cloud and potentially harm monsters.  


storm cloud over broken floor
-----------------------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 50 and below.
You can cast spells, fire missiles and walk through this feature without
impediment but it blocks monsters that must swim and line of sight.  You
can drop objects here but they will disappear from view.  You will
remember this feature on your overhead map.  You can electrify it to make
it storm cloud over broken floor and potentially harm monsters.  You can 
flood it to make it the crest of a wave over hidden deep water and expose
the surrounding grids to daylight and potentially harm monsters.  


geothermal floor
----------------
This is a feature that commonly appears on dungeon level 51 and below as a
'lake' of terrain.  You can see, cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that must
swim.  You can drop objects here but they will disappear from view.  You
 can flood it to make it water and expose the surrounding grids to daylight
.  You can boil or steam it to make it steam over geothermal floor and
 potentially harm monsters.  


gas-filled vent
---------------
This is a wall that commonly appears on dungeon level 51 and below.  You
 can climb through this wall taking an extra turn to enter and leave the
grid and making your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks line of
sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that
can ooze and bore through walls pass through without impediment provided
they resist.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it
appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  Whilst in this wall you
take 4d6 damage continuously.  


steam-filled vent
-----------------
This is a wall that commonly appears on dungeon level 51 and below.  You
 can climb through this wall taking an extra turn to enter and leave the
grid and making your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks line of
sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that
can ooze and bore through walls pass through without impediment provided
they resist.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it
appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  Whilst in this wall you
take 4d6 damage continuously.  


gas-filled vent
---------------
This is a wall that commonly appears on dungeon level 51 and below.  You
 can climb through this wall taking an extra turn to enter and leave the
grid and making your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks line of
sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that
can ooze and bore through walls pass through without impediment provided
they resist.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it
appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  Whilst in this wall you
take 4d6 damage continuously.  


steam-filled vent
-----------------
This is a wall that commonly appears on dungeon level 51 and below.  You
 can climb through this wall taking an extra turn to enter and leave the
grid and making your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks line of
sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that
can ooze and bore through walls pass through without impediment provided
they resist.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it
appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  Whilst in this wall you
take 4d6 damage continuously.  


gas-filled vent
---------------
This is a wall that commonly appears on dungeon level 51 and below.  You
 can climb through this wall taking an extra turn to enter and leave the
grid and making your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks line of
sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that
can ooze and bore through walls pass through without impediment provided
they resist.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it
appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  Whilst in this wall you
take 4d6 damage continuously.  


steam-filled vent
-----------------
This is a wall that commonly appears on dungeon level 51 and below.  You
 can climb through this wall taking an extra turn to enter and leave the
grid and making your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks line of
sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that
can ooze and bore through walls pass through without impediment provided
they resist.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it
appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  Whilst in this wall you
take 4d6 damage continuously.  


gas-filled valve
----------------
This is a wall that commonly appears on dungeon level 51 and below.  You
 can climb through this wall taking an extra turn to enter and leave the
grid and making your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks line of
sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that
can ooze and bore through walls pass through without impediment provided
they resist.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it
appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  Whilst in this wall you
take 4d6 damage continuously.  You can close it to make it closed valve.  


steam-filled valve
------------------
This is a wall that commonly appears on dungeon level 51 and below.  You
 can climb through this wall taking an extra turn to enter and leave the
grid and making your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks line of
sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that
can ooze and bore through walls pass through without impediment provided
they resist.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it
appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  Whilst in this wall you
take 4d6 damage continuously.  You can close it to make it closed valve.  


gas-filled valve
----------------
This is a wall that commonly appears on dungeon level 51 and below.  You
 can climb through this wall taking an extra turn to enter and leave the
grid and making your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks line of
sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that
can ooze and bore through walls pass through without impediment provided
they resist.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it
appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  Whilst in this wall you
take 4d6 damage continuously.  You can close it to make it closed valve.  


steam-filled valve
------------------
This is a wall that commonly appears on dungeon level 51 and below.  You
 can climb through this wall taking an extra turn to enter and leave the
grid and making your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks line of
sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that
can ooze and bore through walls pass through without impediment provided
they resist.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it
appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  Whilst in this wall you
take 4d6 damage continuously.  You can close it to make it open floor.  


gas-filled valve
----------------
This is a wall that commonly appears on dungeon level 51 and below.  You
 can climb through this wall taking an extra turn to enter and leave the
grid and making your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks line of
sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that
can ooze and bore through walls pass through without impediment provided
they resist.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it
appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  Whilst in this wall you
take 4d6 damage continuously.  


steam-filled valve
------------------
This is a wall that commonly appears on dungeon level 51 and below.  You
 can climb through this wall taking an extra turn to enter and leave the
grid and making your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks line of
sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that
can ooze and bore through walls pass through without impediment provided
they resist.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it
appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  Whilst in this wall you
take 4d6 damage continuously.  


gas-filled vent which erupts gas
--------------------------------
This is a wall that commonly appears on dungeon level 51 and below as a
'lake' of terrain.  You can climb through this wall taking an extra turn
to enter and leave the grid and making your equipment significantly
 heavier but it blocks line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  
This wall lets monsters that can ooze and bore through walls pass through
 without impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this wall on
your overhead map.  You stop running next to this wall.  You can get stuck
inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  
Whilst in this wall you take 4d6 damage continuously.  


erupting gas-filled vent
------------------------
This is a wall that commonly appears on dungeon level 51 and below as a
'lake' of terrain.  You can climb through this wall taking an extra turn
to enter and leave the grid and making your equipment significantly
 heavier but it blocks line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  
This wall lets monsters that can ooze and bore through walls pass through
 without impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this wall on
your overhead map.  You stop running next to this wall.  You can get stuck
inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  
Whilst in this wall you take 4d6 damage continuously.  


open vent which erupts poison
-----------------------------
This is a wall that commonly appears on dungeon level 51 and below as a
'lake' of terrain.  You can climb through this wall taking an extra turn
to enter and leave the grid but it blocks line of sight, casting spells
 and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that can ooze and bore
through walls pass through without impediment.  You will remember this
 wall on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this wall.  You can
get stuck inside this wall should it appear around you.  


open vent which erupts fire
---------------------------
This is a wall that commonly appears on dungeon level 51 and below as a
'lake' of terrain.  You can climb through this wall taking an extra turn
to enter and leave the grid but it blocks line of sight, casting spells
 and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that can ooze and bore
through walls pass through without impediment.  You will remember this
 wall on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this wall.  You can
get stuck inside this wall should it appear around you.  


opening valve
-------------
This is a wall that commonly appears on dungeon level 51 and below.  You
 can climb through this wall taking an extra turn to enter and leave the
grid but it blocks line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  
This wall lets monsters that can ooze and bore through walls pass through
 without impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this wall on
your overhead map.  You stop running next to this wall.  You can get stuck
inside this wall should it appear around you.  Whilst in this wall you
take 0d0 damage continuously.  


closing valve
-------------
This is a wall that commonly appears on dungeon level 51 and below.  This 
 wall blocks you from moving through it and monsters that pass through
walls, climb, line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This
 wall lets monsters that can bore through walls pass through without
impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this wall on your
overhead map.  You stop running next to this wall.  You can get stuck
inside this wall should it appear around you.  Whilst in this wall you
take 0d0 damage continuously.  


geothermal ground
-----------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 51 and below 
as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can walk on this feature and can see, cast
spells and fire missiles through it without impediment but it blocks 
monsters that must swim.  You can drop objects here but they will
disappear from view.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.
You can boil or steam it to make it steam over geothermal ground and
 potentially harm monsters.  


steam over geothermal ground
----------------------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 51 and below 
as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can walk on this feature and can cast spells
 and fire missiles through it without impediment but it blocks monsters
that must swim and line of sight.  This feature lets monsters that can fly
 and bore through walls pass over without impediment provided they resist.
You can drop objects here but they will disappear from view.  You will
remember this feature on your overhead map.  Whilst in this feature you
take 1d3 damage continuously.  


burning oil
-----------
This is a glowing feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 60
and below as a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'river' of terrain.  You can cast
spells, fire missiles and walk through this feature without impediment but
it blocks monsters that must swim and line of sight.  This feature lets
monsters that can fly and bore through walls pass through without
impediment provided they resist.  You can drop objects here but they will
disappear from view.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.
Whilst in this feature you take 4d6 damage continuously.  


burning coal dust
-----------------
This is a glowing feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 60
and below as a 'lake' of terrain or as a 'river' of terrain.  You can cast
spells, fire missiles and walk through this feature without impediment but
it blocks monsters that must swim and line of sight.  This feature lets
monsters that can fly and bore through walls pass through without
impediment provided they resist.  You can drop objects here but they will
disappear from view.  You will remember this feature on your overhead map.
Whilst in this feature you take 4d6 damage continuously.  


storm cloud over an open floor over a chasm
-------------------------------------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 66 and below 
as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that must
swim and line of sight.  This feature lets monsters that can fly, climb
 and bore through walls pass through without impediment provided they
resist.  You can drop objects here.  You will remember this feature on
your overhead map.  You stop running next to this feature.  Whilst in this
 feature you take 4d6 damage continuously.  You can magically destroy it to
 make it chasm and expose the surrounding grids to daylight.  


storm cloud over an open floor over a chasm
-------------------------------------------
This is a feature that occasionally appears on dungeon level 66 and below 
as a 'lake' of terrain.  You can cast spells, fire missiles and walk
 through this feature without impediment but it blocks monsters that must
swim and line of sight.  You can drop objects here.  You will remember this
 feature on your overhead map.  You stop running next to this feature.  
You can magically destroy it to make it chasm and expose the surrounding
grids to daylight and potentially harm monsters.  You can electrify it to
 make it storm cloud over an open floor over a chasm and potentially harm
monsters.  


fiery vent
----------
This is a wall that commonly appears on dungeon level 72 and below.  You
 can climb through this wall taking an extra turn to enter and leave the
grid and making your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks line of
sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that
can ooze and bore through walls pass through without impediment provided
they resist.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it
appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  Whilst in this wall you
take 12d6 damage continuously.  


fiery vent
----------
This is a wall that commonly appears on dungeon level 72 and below.  You
 can climb through this wall taking an extra turn to enter and leave the
grid and making your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks line of
sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that
can ooze and bore through walls pass through without impediment provided
they resist.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it
appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  Whilst in this wall you
take 12d6 damage continuously.  


fiery vent
----------
This is a wall that commonly appears on dungeon level 72 and below.  You
 can climb through this wall taking an extra turn to enter and leave the
grid and making your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks line of
sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that
can ooze and bore through walls pass through without impediment provided
they resist.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it
appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  Whilst in this wall you
take 12d6 damage continuously.  


fiery valve
-----------
This is a wall that commonly appears on dungeon level 72 and below.  You
 can climb through this wall taking an extra turn to enter and leave the
grid and making your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks line of
sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that
can ooze and bore through walls pass through without impediment provided
they resist.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it
appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  Whilst in this wall you
take 12d6 damage continuously.  You can close it to make it closed valve.  



fiery valve
-----------
This is a wall that commonly appears on dungeon level 72 and below.  You
 can climb through this wall taking an extra turn to enter and leave the
grid and making your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks line of
sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that
can ooze and bore through walls pass through without impediment provided
they resist.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it
appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  Whilst in this wall you
take 12d6 damage continuously.  You can close it to make it open floor.  


fiery valve
-----------
This is a wall that commonly appears on dungeon level 72 and below.  You
 can climb through this wall taking an extra turn to enter and leave the
grid and making your equipment significantly heavier but it blocks line of
sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  This wall lets monsters that
can ooze and bore through walls pass through without impediment provided
they resist.  You will remember this wall on your overhead map.  You stop
running next to this wall.  You can get stuck inside this wall should it
appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  Whilst in this wall you
take 12d6 damage continuously.  


fiery vent which erupts fire
----------------------------
This is a wall that commonly appears on dungeon level 72 and below as a
'lake' of terrain.  You can climb through this wall taking an extra turn
to enter and leave the grid and making your equipment significantly
 heavier but it blocks line of sight, casting spells and firing missiles.  
This wall lets monsters that can ooze and bore through walls pass through
 without impediment provided they resist.  You will remember this wall on
your overhead map.  You stop running next to this wall.  You can get stuck
inside this wall should it appear around you.  You can't breath in this.  
Whilst in this wall you take 12d6 damage continuously.  




Other
-----

